Fry: Space. It seems to go on and on forever. But then you get to the end and the gorilla starts throwing barrels at you.
Fry how you play the game!
Boy: You stink, loser!
Panucci: Hey, Fry. Pizza goin' out! C'mon!!
Fry: Michelle, baby! Where you going?
Michelle I put your stuff out on the sidewalk!
Fry: I hate my life, I hate my life, I hate my life.
Bike Thief: Happy new year!
Fry Here's to another lousy millennium.
Crowd: Ten!
Crowd: Neuf!
Crowd: Otto!
Crowd: Saba!
Crowd: Eksi!
Crowd: Wu!
Crowd: Char!
Crowd: Thathu!
Crowd: Nee!
Crowd: One!
Fry: What the--?
Fry: My God! It's the future. My parents, my co-workers, my girlfriend; I'll never see any of them again. Yahoo!
Terry: Welcome to the world of tomorrow!
Lou: Why do you always have to say it that way?
Terry Come, your destiny awaits!
Lou: Have a nice future.
Fry Ow!
Leela Name?
Fry: Uh, Fry.
Leela: I'm Leela. Now, it's New Year's Eve so I'd like to decide your fate quickly and get out of here.
Fry: Can I ask you a question?
Leela: As long as it's not about my eye.
Fry: Uh...
Leela: Is it about my eye?
Fry: Sort of.
Leela: Just ask the question.
Fry: What's with the eye?
Leela: I'm an alien, alright? Now let's drop the subject.
Fry: Cool, an alien! Has your race taken over the Earth?
Leela: No, I just work here.
Fry: Wait a minute! Is that blimp accurate?
Leela: Yep. It's December 31st, 2999.
Fry: My God! A million years!
Leela: I'm sure this must be very upsetting for you.
Fry: Y'know, I guess it should be but, actually, I'm glad. I had nothing to live for in my old life. I was broke, I had a humiliating job and I was beginning to suspect my girlfriend might be cheating on me.
Leela.
Leela: Interesting. Your DNA test shows one living relative. He's your great-great-great-great-great-great-great...
Leela: ...great-great-great-great-great nephew.
Fry: That's great! What's the little guy's name?
Leela: Professor Hubert Farnsworth.
Fry: Eurgh!
Fry What's that?
Leela: Your permanent career assignment.
Fry: Delivery boy? No! Not again! Please! Anything else!
Leela: Take your hands off me! You've been assigned the job you're best at just like everyone else.
Fry: What if I refuse?
Leela: Then you'll be fired--
Fry: Fine!
Leela: Out of a cannon into the Sun!
Fry: But I don't like being a delivery boy.
Leela You gotta do what you gotta do. Now hold out your hand. I'm gonna implant your career chip. It'll permanently label you as a delivery boy.
Fry: Keep that thing away from me!
Leela You've got until the count of five to let me out of here. One--
Fry You owe me one.
Fry: Whoa!
Man #1: JFK Jr. Airport.
Man #1.
Fry Um. Cross Town Express?
Man #2: Pft! Tourist!
Fry Wow! A real live robot! Or is that some kind of cheesy New Year's costume?
Bender.
Fry: It doesn't look so shiny to me.
Bender: Shinier than yours, meatbag!
Bender: Listen, buddy, I'm in a hurry here. Let's try for a two-fer!
Booth Voice: Please select mode of death: "Quick and Painless" or "Slow and Horrible".
Fry: Yeah, I'd like to place a collect call.
Booth Voice: You have selected: "Slow and Horrible".
Bender Bring it on, baby!
Bender: C'mon, c'mon! Kill me already! By the way, my name's Bender!
Fry: Help! What's happening?
Booth Voice: You are now dead. Thank you for using Stop-N-Drop, America's favourite suicide booth since 2008.
Bender Well, I didn't have anything else planned for today. Let's go get drunk!
Leela: Two, three-- Hey!
Terry: Welcome to the world of tomorrow!
Leela: Shut up, Terry.
Ipgee: This is unacceptable, Leela. You must find this Mr. Fry and install his chip.
Leela: Look, he's just a nobody who doesn't want to be a delivery boy. I'd really rather not force it on him.
Ipgee Life is good!
Fry: Why would a robot need to drink?
Bender So they made you a delivery boy, huh? Man, that's as bad as my job.
Fry: Really? What do you do, Bender?
Bender: I'm a bender. I bend girders, that's all I'm programmed to do.
Fry: You any good at it?
Bender: You kidding? I was a star! I could bend a girder to any angle: 30 degrees, 32 degrees, you name it! 31. But I couldn't go on living once I found out what the girders were for.
Fry: What?
Bender Well, Fry, it was a pleasure meeting you. I'm gonna go kill myself.
Fry: Wait! You're the only friend I have!
Bender: You really want a robot for a friend?
Fry: Yeah, ever since I was six.
Bender: Well, OK. But I don't want people thinking we're robo-sexuals. So, if anyone asks, you're my debugger.
Fry Don't look! Don't look!
Bender: I'm not looking!
Leela: This is officer 1B-DI requesting back-up.
Smitty: We'll be there in five minutes.
Bender: We can hide in here. It's free on Tuesdays!
Nimoy: Welcome to the Head Museum. I'm Leonard Nimoy.
Fry: Spock? Hey! Hey... Do the thing!
Nimoy: I don't do that anymore.
Fry: This is unbelievable! What do you heads do all day?
Nimoy: We share our wisdom with those who seek it. It's a life of quiet dignity.
Woman: Feeding time!
Leela I'm sorry, Fry, but I have to install your career chip.
Fry: Yeah, well, if you're sorry why are you doing it?
Leela Watch it!
Nixon: That's it! You just made my list!
Fry: Ow! Stop it! Down, boy! Bad president!
Smitty: Alright, buddy, step away from the head!
URL on his ass!
Leela: Please, officers, there's no need to use force.
URL: Let us handle this, weird-y.
Leela: Oh, come on, he's just a poor kid from the Stupid Ages.
Smitty!
Leela: No-one makes fun of my nose.
URL: Damn!
Leela: You guys were totally out of control.
Smitty: It's our job. We're peace officers.
URL: Yeah, you know the law: You gotta do what you gotta do.
Bender: Oh, we're trapped!
Fry: Wait a second. You're a bender, right? We can get out of here if you just bend the bars.
Bender: Dream on, skin tube. I'm only programmed to bend for constructive purposes. What do I look like, a de-bender?
Fry: Who cares what you're programmed for. If someone programmed you to jump off a bridge would you do it?
Bender: I'll have to check my program ... yep.
Leela: Open up!
Fry: C'mon, Bender! It's up to you to make your own decisions in life. That's what separates people and robots from animals ... and animal robots.
Bender You make a persuasive argument, Fry.
Fry: Come on, Bender! You can do it.
Bender: Can't ... I ... can't ... do ... it!
Fry: Yes!
Bender I want! I'm unstoppable!
Fry: I don't know how you did that.
Leela: Wait!
Bender: No, thanks.
Bender: Looks like one of us will have to bend this grate.
Fry: Good Lord! What is this?
Bender. Welcome home, pal!
Fry: It's my old neighbourhood. Man, this brings back a lot of memories.
Bender: Keep 'em to yourself, Pops!
Fry: This is where I brought my girlfriend on our very first date.
Fry: My God! She's gone. Everyone I ever knew or cared about is gone.
Bender: Wait! There's someone you know!
Fry: Oh, can't you leave me alone? I'm miserable enough already.
Leela: Look, I know it's not much consolation but I understand how you feel.
Fry: No, you don't. I've got no home, no family--
Bender: No friends.
Fry: My whole world is gone. You can't possibly understand what it feels like to be so alone.
Leela: I understand. I'm the only one-eyed alien on this whole planet. My parents abandoned me here as a baby and I don't even know what galaxy they were from. I know how it feels to be alone.
Fry Your chip. What are you doing?
Leela: Quitting.
Fry: Why?
Leela: Because I've always wanted to. I just never realised it before I met you.
Fry: What is the matter with you?
Bender: I just wanted to be part of the moment.
Leela: Hey! He stole my ring!
Bender Well, that solves the mystery of the missing ring. This calls for a drink.
Leela: I don't wanna spoil the party but we're all job deserters now. We're unemployed and we have nowhere to go.
Fry: Correction: We're unemployed but we have a doddering old relative to mooch off of.
Clark!
Farnsworth: Who are you?
Fry: I'm your dear old Uncle Fry.
Farnsworth: I don't have an Uncle Fry.
Bender: You do now!
Farnsworth your nephew! This is absolutely incredible!
Bender: Can we have some money?
Farnsworth: Oh, my, no.
Farnsworth And here's where I keep assorted lengths of wire.
Fry: Whoa! A real live spaceship!
Farnsworth: I designed it myself. Let me show you some of the different lengths of wire I used.
Smitty: Attention, job deserters! Come out with your hands up. We have you partially surrounded.
Fry: No!
Nixon: Get those bums!
Bender!
Leela: Can't we get away in the ship?
Farnsworth.
Fry: I'll get us out of here.
Farnsworth: Can anyone drive stick?
Leela: I can. As long as I don't have to parallel park.
URL: If they try to take off, give 'em an ass-ful of laser.
Leela: Prepare for lift-off. Ten.
Crowd: Nine!
Crowd: Amania!
Crowd: Seven!
Aliens: Six.
Terry: Five!
Nimoy: Four.
Farnsworth: Three.
Bender: Two.
Leela: One!
Fry: Blast-off!
Nixon!
Smitty: I can't see nothing. Pretty though!
Fry: So, I guess, without jobs, we'll be fugitives forever.
Farnsworth: Not necessarily. Are you three, by any chance, interested in becoming my new spaceship crew?
Bender: New crew? W-What happened to the old crew?
Farnsworth: Of those poor sons of-- But that's not important. The important thing is I need a new crew. Anyone interested?
Fry! That's exactly the job I've always wanted!
Leela: Thanks for the offer, Professor, but we don't have the proper career chips.
Farnsworth: Oh, that won't be a problem. As luck would have it, I saved the chips from my previous crew.
Fry?
Farnsworth: If by that you mean "transporting cargo" then yes. It's a little home business I started to fund my research.
Fry: Cool! What's my job gonna be?
Farnsworth: You will be responsible for ensuring that the cargo reaches its destination.
Fry: So, I'm gonna be a delivery boy?
Farnsworth: Exactly!
Fry: Alright! I'm a delivery boy!
Farnsworth.
Fry: Wow!
Farnsworth: Not on the same channel, of course.
Announcer: Interplanetary deliveries - what a headache!
Horrible Gelatinous Blob: Evans! Where's that package from Earth?
Man I'm not Evans!
Horrible Gelatinous Blob!
Announcer: When those other companies aren't brave or foolhardy enough to go, trust Planet Express for reliable, on time delivery.
Evans: Here's your package, Mr. Horrible Gelatinous Blob.
Horrible Gelatinous Blob: Good work, Evans! You've got a future around here.
Evans: Thank you, sir!
Announcer: Planet Express: Our crew is replaceable. Your package isn't.
Fry: Are there really giant birds like that?
Farnsworth: No, no! That was all just special effects! Now let's have breakfast. I hope everyone likes eggs.
Fry?
Leela.
Farnsworth: Ah, Hermes! Crew, meet Hermes Conrad. He manages my delivery business, pays the bills, notifies next of kin, what have you.
Hermes: Someone come and dropped this package through the slot last night. Now which one of you is the captain?
Farnsworth: Oh, my! I haven't picked a new captain yet. It's always so hard to choose.
Fry: Ooh! Ooh, ooh, ooh!
Farnsworth: Hmm, you!
Hermes: OK, Captain, this is just a standard legal release protecting Planet Express from lawsuits in the event of the unforeseen.
Leela: Death by airlock failure.
Hermes: Mm.
Leela: Death by brain parasite.
Hermes: Yeah.
Leela?
Hermes: Oh, you don't want that!
Leela: Look, I don't know about any of your previous captains but I intend to do as little dying as possible.
Hermes: Sign the paper!
Farnsworth: Now, Fry, before you go into space you'll need to see our staff doctor. I should warn you though, he's a little ... unusual. He wears sandals!
Fry: Hi--
Farnsworth: Dr. Zoidberg, this is Fry, the new delivery boy. He needs a physical.
Zoidberg: Excellent, excellent!
Farnsworth: You'll be fine.
Zoidberg mouth!
Fry: I only have one.
Zoidberg: Really?
Fry: Uh, is there a human doctor around?
Zoidberg? My mother was a saint! Get out!
Farnsworth: Dear Lord, Bender, you're filthy.
Bender: Yeah, like you don't have crap in your neck!
Farnsworth: Amy, why don't you give his body a going over with the cleaning pick?
Amy: OK. Does it hurt when I go like this?
Leela: Ow!
Bender: A little.
Fry: Well, the doctor says I'm as healthy as a crab. Can I go into space now?
Farnsworth: As soon as we finish cleaning Bender. Oh, and Fry, this is our intern, Amy Wong. She's an engineering student of mine. I like having her around because she's the same blood type as me.
Amy, right?
Fry: Last time I checked.
Leela?
Amy: Look, we're not as rich as everybody says.
Leela: Uh-huh! What sorority do you belong to?
Amy.
Bender Alright, show's over, I'm tired.
Farnsworth: Ah, to be young again. And also a robot. Now, as I recall, you youngsters have a package to deliver.
Fry: Finally! Come on, Bender. Let's mosey!
Bender: Nice catch, idiot!
Fry: So where are we going anyway?
Leela.
Fry and those other brave guys no one ever heard of!
Amy: Oh, I love stuff like the moon! Can I come, Leela?
Leela day as captain.
Farnsworth If something goes wrong, bring back the blood.
Fry: Can I do the countdown?
Leela: Huh? Oh, sure. Knock yourself out.
Fry ... nine--
Leela: OK, we're here!
Fry: Eightsevensixfivefourthreetwooneblastoff!
Fry: Hurry up! I wanna see the moon!
Leela: Relax. It's open till 9.
Fry: That's one small step for Fry--
Man: And one giant line for admission!
Fry Um, can I have cuts?
Man: Hmm ... no!
Fry: You're not gonna believe this but they landed an amusement park on the moon!
Amy! It's the happiest place orbiting Earth.
Fry: Let's go, already!
Leela: Fry, we have a crate to deliver.
Fry: Let's just dump it in the sewer and say we delivered it.
Bender: Too much work. Let's burn it and say we dumped it in the sewer.
Leela: OK, if everyone's finished being stupid--
Fry: I had more but you go ahead.
Leela: We'll deliver that crate like professionals and then we'll go home.
Fry: But I've never been to the moon before.
Leela Amy, why don't you help Fry hoist down the crate. Then lock up when you're done. Just be careful.
Amy: Aye, aye, Captain! I mean only one eye. I mean, yes, sir-- Um, ma'am!
Amy: Clear?
Fry: Clear!
Amy: Ready to hoist?
Fry: Ready!
Amy: Ow!
Fry: My first space delivery.
Fry: Uh, greetings, Moon Man. We come in peace. I am Fry from the planet Earth.
Sal: Wise guy, huh? If I wasn't so lazy I'd punch you in the stomach.
Fry: But you are lazy, right?
Sal: Oh, don't get me started.
Craterface: Hi, I'm Craterface! Welcome to Luna Park. I'll have to confiscate your alcohol, sir.
Bender: Better mascots than you have tried.
Craterface: At least I still have my self respect!
Leela: Who buys this trash?
Bender who need gifts for other idiots.
Fry: Hey, I got you guys refrigerator magnets.
Bender Keep those things off of me! Magnets screw up my inhibition unit!
Fry: So you flip out and start acting like some crazy folk singer?
Bender: Yes. I guess a robot would have to be crazy to wanna be a folk singer.
Whalerbots
And sing our whaling tune!
Whalerbot: Bender, hey, Bender! Over here!
Bender: Oh, jeez! I went to high school with that guy!
Announcer presents: The Goophy Gopher Revue!
Gopher #1: Why does a moon rock taste better than an Earth rock?
Gopher #2: Because it's a little meteor!
Fry: This is weak!
Gopher #1: Address all complaints to the Monsanto corporation.
Leela: What's wrong, Fry?
Fry what I came to see! I wanna go out there and jump around like an astronaut. Screw this phoney stuff!
Leela: But the phoney stuff is what's fun. It's boring out there.
Bender: Yeah! You're the kind of guy who visits Jerusalem and doesn't want to see the Sexeteria!
Leela: Maybe I should take Fry on the Luna Rover ride. You get to wear a space suit and drive around on the surface. And the line's short because it's educational.
Fry educational it is. Let's do it!
Bender: Next year in Jerusalem!
Fry: Finally! Get ready for some serious moon action.
Narrator: The story of lunar exploration started with one man. A man with a dream.
Ralph Kramden-bot: One of these days, Alice. Bang! Zoom! Straight to the moon!
Leela: Wow, I never realised the first astronauts were so fat!
Fry: That's not an astronaut, it's a TV comedian. And he was just using space travel as a metaphor for beating his wife.
Amy Hm?
Bender: Look, it's that crate we were gonna throw in the sewer.
Amy They must have fallen into the crate! Leela's gonna kill me!
Bender: Nah. She'll probably make me do it.
Amy: Mister? Could you please get those keys out for me?
Sal: What do I look like? A guy who's not lazy?
Narrator: No one knows where, when or how Man first landed on the moon.
Fry: I do.
Narrator think it might have happened something like this:
Whalerbots: We're whalers on the moon,
Gophers: We carry a harpoon,
Whalerbots: and  But there ain't no whales so we tell a tall tale...
Leela: And sing a whaling tune. We're whalers on the moon--
Fry: That's not how it happened.
Leela with a fun-gineering degree!
Fry moon.
Leela: Fry, no. This is my first mission and I'm not gonna let us get in any trouble. Besides, the car's on a track.
Fry: Not for long!
Whalerbot: Ooh! Ah! I died doin' what I loved.
Leela: OK, you're on the surface. Now I'll give you 10 minutes. Then you'll get bored, turn around and apologise for being such a jerk. Agreed?
Fry Yeah! Crank up the radio!
Whalerbots: We're whalers on the--
Fry: Yee-haw!
Leela: Time's up. Make a U-turn at the next crater.
Fry: No, not yet. How 'bout we go look for the original moon landing site?
Leela: That's crazy! It's been lost for centuries!
Fry Uh ... I'm ready to go back now.
Fry You did it! We're safe!
Leela we're gonna die.
Fry: It's every man for himself.
Bender: Hey, look what I won from a tourist's pocket!
Amy: Shut up. You're distracting me.
Bender: Come on, it's just like making love. Y'know: Left, down, rotate 62 degrees, engage rotor.
Amy how to make love!
Bender Uh, that's the woman who programmed me for evil!
Bender: Yeah, well, I'm gonna go build my own theme park, with blackjack and hookers. In fact, forget the park!
Fry: I'm sorry, Leela, I can't go on any further. Just leave me to die in that barn over there.
Leela: Thank God!
Hydroponic Farmer: Trespassers, eh?
Fry: No, sir. We're amusement park patrons.
Farmer: Ooh, that's a wicked sinful place. Tilt-a-whirl's OK, but the rest is mighty wicked.
Leela: Our car broke down and we're out of oxygen. Can we borrow some?
Farmer: Huh, borry? Looky here, city girl, oxygen don't grow on trees. You'll have to earn it doing chores on my hydroponic farm. You can go back to your precious theme park at sun up.
Fry: I guess we could do chores for a few hours.
Leela: Fry, night lasts two weeks on the moon.
Farmer: Yup. Drops down to -173!
Fry?
Farmer: First one, then th'other. And them spacesuits ain't a-heated so you ain't goin' nowhere till sunrise. You can sleep in the barn. Just don't be a-touchin' my three beautiful robot daughters. Y'hear?
Fry?
Farmer: This here is Lulabelle 7.
Lulabelle 7: Yoo-hoo!
Farmer: Daisy-Mae 128K.
Daisy-Mae 128K: Yoo-hoo!
Farmer: And the Crushinator.
Crushinator: Yoo-hoo.
Fry: Whoa!
Leela: I told you to turn around and go back to the park. But oh, no, the park was too phoney. We had to see the real moon.
Fry: And it was great! We got to see craters and rocks and that one incredible rock that looked like a crater and ... and these fellas.
Leela: Fry, face it: The moon is a dump. It's a boring, dried-up wasteland and the only reason anybody ever comes here is for the tacky little amusement park. Can't you just accept that?
Fry: I guess I can't.
Farmer: I'll learn ye to sleep with my robot daughters!
Bender: He'll never find me in here.
Leela: Bender?
Fry: Oh, Bender. You didn't touch the Crushinator, did you?
Bender: Of course not. A lady that fine you gotta romance first.
Farmer: Oh, no you don't! C'mere, Crushinator.
Crushinator: Yes, Pa.
Fry: It's too low.
Leela Hold on to your helmet!
Farmer: God darn it, Crushinator, jump!
Crushinator: No, Pa. I love him.
Fry: Hey, cool! Dark side of the moon!
Leela Hurry, before we freeze.
Bender: What do you mean "we", mammal?
Farnsworth.
Leela: We can't outrun it forever.
Fry: Over there! Look! It's the moon landing site! We found it!
Leela: Quick, get in.
Fry Hey! My foot's bigger! Leela, isn't this the greatest thing you've ever seen?
Leela Now get in here before you freeze.
Bender: Oh, no room for Bender, huh? Fine! I'll go build my own lunar lander, with blackjack and hookers. In fact, forget the lunar lander and the blackjack. Ah, screw the whole thing.
Leela to death.
Fry: Look, Leela, I'm sorry. I never should have dragged you out here.
Leela: That's right, you shouldn't have. I still don't get what the big attraction is.
Fry: I never told anybody this but a thousand years ago I used to look up at the moon and dream about being an astronaut. I just didn't have the grades. Nor the physical endurance. Plus I threw up a lot and nobody liked spending a week with me.
Leela be a little much.
Fry But you're right. Once you're actually here it's just a big dull rock. I guess I just wanted you to see it through my eyes, the way I used to.
Leela beautiful. I don't know why I never noticed before.
Farmer: Had to come back for the Crushinator, eh, robot? Well I got you this time.
Fry: It's Amy! We're saved!
Leela: Amy? Where'd she learn to operate the controls like that?
Bender Uh-oh!
Bender
She'll be comin'--
Farmer: Aw, dang it!
Bender
She'll be riding six white horses...
Leela: So, Fry, was the real moon anything like the moon you used to dream about?
Fry: Well ... close enough!
Bender
One more time!
Bender: Hey!
Hermes: Fry, mon, if you're going to be living in the office you could at least be on time for work.
Fry: I'm sorry. I was up really late poking through people's desks.
Hermes: Alright, people. I will now outline today's 12-point agenda. We'll begin with point one, then race forward--
Hermes Am I cracking up, or is Fry's living here starting to get in the way of bus--
Leela: What the hell are you doing? You're getting a huge dose of radiation!
Fry: And great lift!
Leela: Do you know how long it's going to take me to recalibrate these engines?
Fry: Hey! When you look this good, you don't have to know anything.
Leela: Professor, We need to talk to you about Fry.
Bender: That's right, we want some money— Wait. What's this about Fry?
Leela: He's a nice guy but we think it's about time he got his own place.
Farnsworth over 29 million years ago.
Fry: Hey, Professor, great jerky!
Farnsworth was going to eat that mummy! Fry has got to go!
Announcer: Bachelor Chow, now with flavour!
Commentator: And Bigfoot is down!
Fry: Sheesh! 40,000 channels and only 150 have anything good on.
Announcer is brought to you by Robo Fresh: Designed by a robot, for a robot.
Calculon: I've been processing this for some time, Monique, and, well, will you marry me?
Monique It fits! Then you must know that I'm--
Calculon: Metric? I've always known. But for you, my darling, I'm willing to convert.
Fry: Hmm, must be a friend of theirs.
Bender: Fry, we've got to discuss your living arrangements.
Leela: We've all talked it over and--
Bender! Move over.
Leela: Fry, sometimes in close quarters, people do inconsiderate things without realising it.
Fry: I know but I forgive you.
Leela: No, Fry, by "close quarters" I mean this office--
Fry: Uh-huh.
Leela: And by "people" I mean you!
Fry: Right.
Leela: And by "inconsiderate" I mean--
Fry: Leela! We're trying to watch TV.
Bender: Yeah. Would you kindly shut your noise hole?
Fry: So, who's that weird-looking guy?
Bender: That's a human.
Fry: What's he do?
Bender: Eh, the usual human stuff. He laughs, he learns, he loves.
Fry: Boring!
Human Friend: Calculon? I thought you were in a coma.
Calculon: That's what I wanted you to think with your soft, human brain.
Fry: Hey, uh, why is the TV getting smaller?
Hermes: We'll bill you for the couch.
Bender: Cheer up, meatbag. You've barely touched your amoeba.
Fry: It looked good but I just don't feel like eating. You want it?
Bender The chemical energy keeps my fuel cells charged.
Fry: What are the cigars for?
Bender: They make me look cool.
Fry: I can't believe they threw me out like that. I must have been really acting like a jerk.
Bender That's my philosophy. So, where you gonna stay?
Fry: I don't know. Do refrigerators still come in cardboard boxes?
Bender: Yeah, but the rents are outrageous. Why don't you just come move in with me?
Fry: Really? That'd be great! You sure I won't be imposing?
Bender: Nah, I've always wanted a pet.
Bender: Here we are. Your new home.
Fry: Cool! Y'know, I've never even seen a robot's apartment before.
Bender: Come on in, I'll give you the tour!
Bender: Let's see, where to start. OK, this is the TV area, that over there's the breakfast nook, and over here is where you'll be living which is great because, until now, it's just been wasted space.
Fry: It's kinda cramped in here. I don't even have room to hang my clothes.
Bender: Look, pal, you've only got one set of clothes and you're not taking them off while I'm here. Well, I'm bushed. G'night.
Fry: Wait, Bender. Bender?
Bender: Kill all humans ... kill all humans ... must kill all the humans.
Fry: Bender, wake up!
Bender: I was having the most wonderful dream. I think you were in it.
Fry: Uh, listen, Bender. Uh, where's your bathroom?
Bender: Bath what?
Fry: Bathroom.
Bender: What room?
Fry!
Bender: What what?
Fry: Ah, never mind!
Bender: Hey, sexy mama, wanna kill all the humans?
Leela: We sure are cheerful this morning.
Bender: Yeah, this past week with Fry's been a blast! Y'know, beneath this warm, sunny exterior beats the cold, mechanical heart of a robot.
Leela: What happened to you?
Fry Now you're OK.
Leela: Look at yourself. You're a wreck! You've got to find a new place to live.
Fry: Is that an invitation?
Leela: Love your optimism, Fry. But seriously, you've got to tell Bender you're moving out.
Fry: Yeah, but he might get kind of upset. I don't think I can do that to him.
Bender: Hey, there's my little space heater.
Fry: Well, I'm moving out!
Bender: What?
Fry: I'm sorry, Bender, but there's just not enough room.
Bender: Not enough room? My place is two cubic metres and we only take up 1.5 cubic metres. We've got room for a-whole-nother two-thirds of a person.
Leela: What if I just helped the two of you find a bigger apartment?
Bender And now they're gone.
Underwater house salesman places. But if you like dank, hey, forget about it!
Leela: At least it's got a great view.
Bender: What the--?
Underwater House Salesman: Excuse me. I gotta go change a lightbulb.
Leela is fantastic!
Fry: Hmm. I'm not sure we want to pay for a dimension we're not going to use.
Fry: Well, I give up. What's the catch?
Suspiciously fantastic apartment salesman
Fry: Not one place even remotely liveable.
Farnsworth Sad, sad, terrible, gruesome news about my colleague, Dr. Mbutu.
Leela: Was his apartment rent-controlled?
Leela: Wow. This is beautiful.
Bender: What's with all the crap?
Leela: It's not crap.
Hattie: Dr. Mbutu collected this crap while he was exploring the watcha-call-it ... universe!
Fry: Well, this place has everything except the only thing I care about: A TV.
Hattie: It's got a TV, you young watcha-call-it ... idiot!
Fry: Ooh!
Bender (from inside) It's perfect!
Fry: Man, it's a total sty! For the first time in a thousand years, I feel like I'm home.
Bender: Yeah! It's gonna be fun on the bun! Y'know, Fry, of all the friends I've had, you're the first.
Hermes: Hey, mon!
Leela It's a miniature fruit salad tree.
Fry Hey, Amy!
Amy: Hey!
Farnsworth Zevulon the Great. He's teriyaki style.
Bender I'd better go out for more beer.
Fry is about to start!
Bender right I'll be emotionally and electrically drained.
Fry: Hey!
Hermes: These are mighty tasty!
Zoidberg: Thank you. I made them myself.
Fry: Sh! The wedding's about to start!
Preacherbot: If anyone here objects to this union, let them speak now or forever hold their—
Fry: Is he objecting or backing up?
Amy: Looks like both.
Calculon: I'm afraid my half-brother is correct. You see, I have a terrible secret and that secret is--
Amy: Oh, this isn't right.
Hermes: Oh, come on!
Farnsworth: Fix it!
Bender: Hey, what happened to the TV?
Fry: It just went out.
Bender: This is an outrage! I'm gonna go yell at the manager!
Hermes: Alright!
Fry: Come back, Bender! It's working!
Calculon: To reiterate, my terrible secret is--
Fry: It's out again.
Bender: What? That's the last straw!
Fry: It's back on!
Hattie: Pardon me. I don't mean to pry into what you're doing in here with the crab and the one-eyed lady and the Chinese girl but everyone on this floor is having trouble with their TV reception.
Bender: Yeah! And you'd better get rid of whatever's causing it or we're outta this dump!
Hattie: Relax, sonny. This kajigger'll find the source of the interference.
Tenant #1: What's going on?
Tenant #2: We want our TV back!
Hattie: There's your problem.
Amy: Oh, my God! Bender, it's your thingy!
Randy: Then get rid of it!
Tenant #1: Get out!
Bender: You people are nuts. My antenna never interfered with my old TV.
Leela: You had cable. This is satellite.
Farnsworth: Obviously your thoughts are being transmitted on the same frequency.
Huge-assed woman: They're on my cell phone too.
Bender: Madam, I believe you're mistaken!
Bender ass!
Bender: Those could be anyone's thoughts, fat ass!
Randy: The robot has to go!
Tenant #1: Yeah.
Tenant #3: Get him out of here!
Hattie: Well, you heard the mob!
Bender: Fine! Come on, Fry, let's move to that apartment that smelled like a sewer. You liked that one, right?
Fry: It's tempting, but, well, I am already kinda settled in here.
Bender: Or we could live underground with the mutants. A little fire'll show 'em who's boss!
Fry: Uh, listen, is there maybe some way we could do this with you going and me not going?
Bender: I don't understand.
Fry: Well, you were gonna live in the closet anyway. Won't you be just as happy back in your old place?
Bender: But, then we wouldn't be roommates.
Fry: I'll come visit sometime. And you can visit me here.
Hattie: No he can't.
Fry: Anyway, I'm sure it'll work out. This way we'll both be happy.
Bender: Happy. Yeah, that's Bender. Always happy.
Randy: Hey, the TV's back on!
Preacherbot: We are gathered here to mourn the death of Calculon; industrialist, private eye, friend.
Calculon give the eulogy?
Monique: Calculon! You're alive!
Randy: Calculon's back!
Farnsworth: Right, so long.
Zoidberg: Goodbye.
Amy: Do you think Calculon's evil twin will ever walk again?
Hermes: I don't know, Amy. I just don't know.
Fry: Hey, thanks for coming.
Leela: Fry, you're Bender's best friend. How could you let that mob kick him out?
Fry: Ah, come on. Bender loves mobs.
Leela: Only when he's in them and you know it. You really hurt his feelings.
Fry: Don't girl me with that girl stuff. Bender and me are guys. Guys don't have feelings.
Leela a guy, he's a robot.
Fry: Same thing.
Bender: It's so big and empty.
Bender Oh, what's the point?
Leela My God, you're a mess!
Bender: Leave me alone!
Leela: Look at that five o'clock rust. You've been up all night not drinking, haven't you?
Bender: Hey. What I don't do is none of your business.
Leela: Please, Bender. Have some malt liquor. If not for yourself then for the people who love you.
Bender: I hate the people who love me and they hate me.
Leela: Oh, now look. It's obvious you miss being Fry's roommate. But there's got to be a better way to deal with this.
Bender: Like how? Having my antenna removed?
Leela: Well, if that would work.
Bender: Are you crazy? That's Little Bender you're talking about. I can't cut it off. You're not a robot or a man so you wouldn't understand. I gotta get out of here.
Leela: Wait! I want you to look me in the eye and promise you won't get behind the wheel without some kind of alcoholic beverage in your hand.
Bender!
Fry: What up?
Leela: I can't just stand by and be silent about Bender anymore.
Fry: Silent? You've been meddling for two solid weeks.
Leela: Well I can't just do that anymore. Your best friend is out there somewhere destroying himself.
Fry: Really? I didn't think he'd miss this apartment that much.
Leela: He doesn't care about the apartment, he cares about you. And you turned your back on him.
Fry: Oh, man. I had no idea. If only I knew where he was I'd go talk to him.
Fry Bender! You're blind-stinking sober!
Bender: That's right! I'm sober and crazy and I don't know what I might do!
Fry: Don't do it!
Bender: I don't know what it is yet. Oh, yeah, now I remember. I thought I could live alone, but I can't. So, I'm gonna do what it takes to be your roommate again.
Leela: Bender! Stop!
Fry: Cutting Leela's head off won't solve anything!
Bender: No, I'm going to chop off my antenna.
Fry: Hey, yeah! That sounds good. Can I give you a hand?
Leela: Fry! Don't help him mutilate himself.
Fry or something.
Bender: I'm gonna do it! I'm really gonna do it! Don't try and stop me! Here goes.
Fry: Hey, it works! The static's gone.
Human Friend: I hate that this came between us, Calculon.
Calculon: Me too. I'm filled with a large number of powerful emotions.
Human Friend: You're my best friend. I'm sorry I treated you so badly.
Calculon: Apology accepted. After all, you're only human.
Leela: You guys could learn a lesson from those two.
Fry: She's right.
Bender: You're my best friend, Fry, I'm sorry I treated you so badly.
Fry: Apology accepted. After all, you're only human.
Leela Oh, never mind!
Fry: What's wrong?
Bender: Nothing. I guess I'm just going to have to get used to being half a robot.
Fry: Aw, this isn't right. Listen, Bender, if we found your antenna could they still reattach it?
Bender: Maybe. If we get it on ice right away.
Smitty: Bingo!
URL an antenna?
Bender: This time, you'll have all the human comfort. We'll get a couple of toilets, some food cookers, maybe a puppy.
Fry: It's good to be home.
Bender: It sure is. By the way, I saved your stuff.
Fry: So that's where those skin flakes went. Hmm, do you think this fruit tree's going to get enough light?
Bender: There's a window in the closet.
Fry: This is huge! Bender, why don't I just live in here?
Bender: In a closet? Oh, humans!
Leela: This place was a great choice. The food is amazing. And such generous portions.
Doug: You like the meal just wait until you try these after-dinner mints.
Leela Ew!
Fry: What was wrong with your date last night?
Leela lizard tongue.
Amy: You're too picky.
Fry: Yeah. If you rule out every guy with a lizard tongue or a low I.Q. or an explosive violent temper, of course you're gonna be lonely.
Leela: There's nothing wrong with having high standards. Now can we please stop--
Zoidberg: The female Leela's problem is purely medical. Soon she will drop her eggs and they will hatch and all will be well.
Amy: You just have to give guys a chance. Sometimes you meet a guy and think he's a pig, but then later you realise he actually has a really good body.
Leela: Thank you all for the inspiring advice, but I'm perfectly happy with my life the way it is.
Bender: That sounds like a cry for help.
Amy: Let's all take her out tonight. There's lots of great places to meet people.
Hermes: The Federal Sex Bureau.
Bender: A saucy puppet show.
Zoidberg: The rotting carcass of a whale.
Amy: Hmm, I'll pick!
Amy: Oh, wow! It's totally retro!
Fry?
Amy: Guh! Because nobody wears them anymore! Rings are stupid!
Fry: I think they look cool.
Amy: Sh! Don't let anyone hear you say that!
Man: Hey, did that guy just say rings are cool?
Amy: Nope, he said they're stupid.
Man: Cool!
Amy: So what do you think of that guy by the bar?
Leela: I don't know. Maybe?
Bender: Forget it, he's gay.
Leela: What? How can you tell?
Bender.
Leela: There's no such thing.
Bender Yep! He's gay!
Amy: Are you sure?
Bender: Definitely. Unless I'm getting interference from a gay weather balloon.
21st-century girl: You're from the 20th century? That's incredible! I'm from the 21st century.
Fry: No way! We've got so much in common.
21st-century girl: We sure do. Remember when those cyborgs enslaved humanity?
Fry: Uh, yeah! That rings a bell.
Amy. Bolt is a hyper-sled racer with 10 wins on the pro-circuit.
Bolt: Hello, beautiful!
Bender circuit.
Bolt: I wish! Those cats can really fly.
Amy, an entity of pure energy.
Leela: That's great, really, but he's just not what I'm looking for.
M-5438: I understand. One day you will evolve beyond your physical body, and on that day I hope you will pick up the phone.
Amy: You're impossible.
Bender: Just as well; I think he comes from a dimension that's big on musical theatre.
Fry: Pst. I need the apartment tonight. Go see a saucy puppet show.
Bender: Can do!
The Hip Joint janitor Oh, my! Eurgh! I'm sorry, I thought you had two eyes.
Bender: So, Leela, you must have had your pick of the litter last night at closing time.
Leela: Could you guys please stop talking about my personal life?
Farnsworth: Yes, let's all talk about Leela's personal life later. But right now we have business to attend to.
Fry: A delivery?
Farnsworth: No. A tax-deductible mission of charity.
Computer Voice.
Farnsworth: This is Vergon 6.
Amy!
Farnsworth: It's a sunny little doomed planet, inhabited by a number of frisky little doomed animals.
Leela: Animals?
Farnsworth, each pound of which weighs over ten thousand  pounds.
Leela: Wait! What about the animals?
Farnsworth: Well, dark matter is extremely valuable as starship fuel. That's why it was all mined out, leaving the planet completely hollow.
Leela: Yes, but what about the animals?
Farnsworth: The wha?
Leela: The animals.
Farnsworth: I didn't say anything about animals. Now it seems that the planet will collapse within three days. Incidentally, this will kill all the animals.
Leela.
Bender Oh!
Fry: I bet you Leela's holding out for a nice guy with one eye.
Bender: That'll take forever. What she oughta do is find a nice guy with two eyes, then poke one out.
Fry: Yeah, that'd be a timesaver.
Leela: Do you mind?
Bender You can use this as an eye-poker.
Leela: Thank you. But I don't care how many eyes a man has ... as long as it's less than five. All I'm looking for is a guy who's adventurous, self-confident...
Leela: ...maybe a snappy dresser.
Zapp: These new uniforms are pretty snappy, eh, first officer?
Kif as you are. Now what do you want to do about that unidentified ship?
Zapp Mmm! That's got a nice feel to it.
Zapp: Captain's journal: Star date, 3000.3.
Kif: Who are you talking to, sir?
Zapp We have detected a vessel attempting to break the security cordon around Vergon 6. I'm anticipating an all-out tactical dogfight, followed by a light dinner ... ravioli, ham, sundae bar.
Leela: Hey, look! That's Zapp Brannigan's ship.
Fry Zapp Brannigan?
Leela: Uh-huh!
Fry Zapp Brannigan?
Kif: Shall I fire on them now, sir?
Zapp What?
Leela.
Fry: Wow!
Bender: A grim day for robot-kind. Ah, but we can always build more Killbots!
Leela.
Fry: Leela's got a boyfriend!
Leela: No I don't. But I think we ought to meet with him and see if he'll help us rescue those animals.
Bender
Kif: Sir, they're headed straight for us.
Zapp But the one thing their captain doesn't realise and never will is that--
Kif: Sir, they've docked with us and have come aboard.
Zapp If that wicker chair I like survives the slaughter, have it sent to my P.O. box.
Leela: Hello, I'm Leela, captain of the Planet Express delivery ship. We've come aboard to plead for your assistance.
Kif: Well, if there's anything--
Zapp: I'm in command here. Zapp Brannigan. Has my fame preceded me or was I too quick for you?
Leela: Oh, not at all. I'm just so, uh, really thrilled to meet you!
Zapp: You're an impressive piece of captain. Beautiful and deadly -- a potent combination.
Leela: You don't mean that!
Zapp: But I do. I doubt I've seen more than three or four captains sexier than you, and only one who was deadlier.
Fry: I heard that one time you single-handedly defeated a horde of rampaging somethings in the something-something-system.
Zapp: The Killbots? A trifle! It was simply a matter of outsmarting them.
Fry: Wow! I never would have thought of that!
Zapp
Zapp A little more ... more ... keep going.
Leela: Captain Brannigan, we really need to talk to you about our mission.
Zapp: Whatever it is, I'm willing to put wave after wave of men at your disposal. Right, men?
Crewman: You suck!
Leela: We're hoping to save the animals of Vergon 6 from extinction. And if you could just--
Zapp: Vergon 6? This light dinner is over.
Leela: Wait! What's wrong?
Zapp".
Leela: But people already interfered. That planet was mined completely hollow.
Zapp: Yes, by a Democratic Order of Planets mining crew.
Leela: This doesn't make any sense.
Zapp: I don't pretend to understand Brannigan's Law. I merely enforce it.
Leela: Fine! We'll save the animals without your help.
Zapp: I'm afraid I can't allow that. Guards!
Fry: What just happened?
Bender: He's throwing us in prison.
Fry: Dang! Can I get this wrapped up?
Leela: Ow! I might've liked Zapp Brannigan if he weren't a pompous dimwit who threw me in prison.
Bender: You really are too picky.
Zapp: Kif, follow me up to the observation deck. I've got some musing to do.
Kif: Oh, jeez!
Zapp: I'm facing a formidable female adversary, Kif. Suggestions?
Kif: I fail to see any problem, sir. You already imprisoned her under directive B-10.8-1.
Zapp: You mean Brannigan's Law?
Kif: Right, that law.
Zapp: Which one?
Kif: Brannigan's Law.
Zapp This time we are sure she's a woman, right?
Kif.
Zapp lay out my formal shorts.
Kif: "The boy", sir?
Zapp: You. You lay out my formal shorts.
Kif wants to see you in his quarters.
Leela: Good. This will be my chance to reason with him, captain to captain.
Kif: And he wants you to wear this.
Zapp: Come and get it!
Zapp?
Leela.
Zapp: Well I have studied abroad. Or two!
Leela: Captain--
Zapp: Uh-huh?
Leela: If we could speak seriously for a moment--
Zapp: Uh-huh?
Leela: I'd like you to reconsider letting us rescue those animals.
Zapp I like your style. I find it very... (whispering) erotic.
Leela: What?
Zapp: Erotic!
Fry: We can definitely escape, Bender. All you have to do is bend the hatch off this steam pipe.
Bender: Hey, yeah!
Fry: No good! It's full of steam!
Zapp: You look like a woman who enjoys the finer things. Come over here and feel my velour bedspread.
Leela: I'm not really in the mood.
Zapp: Leela, it's real velour. Just let yourself go.
Leela just go back to prison?
Zapp?
Leela What are you doing?
Zapp: Oh, God, I'm pathetic. Sorry. Just go. You want the rest of the sham-pag-in?
Leela: No. And it's pronounced "sham-pane".
Zapp: Oh, God, no!
Leela: It's not a big deal.
Zapp: I get so lonely. I just thought you, a fellow captain, would understand.
Leela: Oh, forget it.
Zapp: Yeah, it's great ordering people around and stuff but through it all you're completely alone.
Leela: It comes with the job.
Zapp: I'm just so lonely!
Leela: Oh, come on. Cheer up. It's not that bad.
Fry: You wanna try escaping again?
Bender: Nah, I'm comfy.
Fry: Man, Leela's been gone a long time. I hope she's at least making progress with Zapp Brannigan.
Zapp: Good morning, lover.
Leela: Uh, listen, Zapp.
Zapp: Now you're officially my woman. Kudos! I can't say I don't envy you.
Leela: Zapp, last night was a mistake.
Zapp mistake.
Leela: No, just a regular mistake. For a split second my common sense was overwhelmed by pity.
Zapp: A split second is all it takes. That's why sooner or later you'll come crawling back to the Zapper.
Leela: The only kind of crawling I'm doing to you is away ... from!
Zapp: Leela, you're obviously confused and aroused.
Leela: Look, I'm going down to Vergon 6 to save those animals whether you like it or not.
Zapp: Go ahead. I won't stop you.
Leela: Threaten all you-- Wait. What?
Zapp sets in. Then you'll come crawling back for another taste of sweet, sweet candy ... bam!
Leela: Eurgh!
Zapp: Kif!
Kif Yes, Captain?
Zapp: I have made it with a woman. Inform the men.
Kif: The fatso says you're free to go.
Fry: Really? Why?
Kif: "Why" indeed.
Fry: What does that mean?
Leela: Nothing.
Bender: So should we get our stuff and head down to the planet?
Leela: We just talked, OK?!
Leela: Alright, we don't have much time to collect these animals. The planet is supposed to collapse in approximately two hours ago.
Leela Hmm. He doesn't seem to be on the checklist.
Bender: So, you're saying we can cook him?
Fry: Yeah, a barbecue! I'll wear my hilarious apron.
Leela.
Bender: Aww! (whispering to Fry) I'll fire up the grill!
Leela: I hope he'll be OK in there with all those big animals.
Zapp: Y'know, Kif, once my woman returns I won't have much time to hang out with the boys anymore.
Kif: That's a shame, sir.
Zapp Never mind. Just give me a back rub.
Bender.
Leela: Good. That's the last species.
Bender: Hey. What the--?
Fry: Where'd they all go?
Leela: Nibbler!
Fry: I can't believe we flew halfway across the galaxy and enjoyed a steam just to get lunch for that stupid animal!
Bender: He's pending for a bending.
Leela: Leave him alone. It's not his fault that he's an unstoppable killing machine. Is it, snoogums?
Fry: The planet's kerploding!
Leela We're out of fuel. Bender, I told you to fill the tank before we left.
Bender: Yeah, I'll do it when we get back.
Fry: Man, lucky for us Zapp Brannigan's nearby.
Leela: No way! Forget it! I refuse to go crawling back to him!
Fry: What? What are you talking about?
Leela: Nothing. We just talked.
Bender Oh, my God!
Fry: How could you, Leela? I thought you had some standards. I mean, jeez, he's a dumb, gross gorilla!
Leela: That's enough! Don't you think I feel bad enough already?
Fry: No!
Leela I mean, if living is that important to you.
Zapp Hmm.
Leela: Hello, Zapp?
Zapp: Well, well, well!
Leela: Zapp, we're out of fuel...
Leela: ...and Vergon 6 is about to implode. We need your help.
Zapp: So, crawling back to the Big Z like a bird on its belly. Delicious.
Leela: Bird's don't crawl.
Zapp: They've been known to.
Leela: Look, are you going to rescue us or not?
Zapp?
Leela: Please?
Leela: Big Z?
Zapp That's the law, Leela. And Brannigan's Law is like Brannigan's love: Hard and fast!
Zapp: Now put that greasy rat outside and we'll tow you to safety.
Leela: I would never abandon a helpless animal. Y'know, Zapp, once I thought you were a big, pompous buffoon. Then I realised that inside you were just a pitiful child. But now I realise that outside that child is a big, pompous buffoon!
Zapp: And which one rocked your world?
Fry: Wow! Way to tell that guy off. Now what's your secret escape plan?
Leela: Uh, I guess to sit here and wait for death.
Bender: Can do!
Bender: What the hell was that?
Fry: Pew!
Leela: I don't believe it! It's dark matter.
Bender: So this guy just unloaded a steaming pile of starship fuel?
Leela Come on. That should be more than enough fuel to get us outta here. Bender, pick it up and put it in the engine.
Leela And some of the animals survived.
Bender: So a couple of animals didn't die and Leela got lucky. That's what I call a successful mission!
Fry: We're heroes!
Leela: Dear Captain's Diary: I may not have found love on this mission but I did find a cute little companion who excretes starship fuel. And that's just as good.
Zapp: Captain's journal: Star date ... uh.
Kif: April 13th.
Zapp: April 13th ... point two.
Zapp: We have failed to uphold Brannigan's Law. However, I did make it with a hot alien babe. And in the end is that not what man has dreamt of since first he looked up at the stars? Kif, I'm asking you a question!
Leela: What do you think of the view Fry?
Fry: It really puts things in perspective. I mean, from up here an entire world can seem utterly insignificant.
Bender: Hey nice seats! We're close enough so when you knock a player down with a beer bottle, he stays down!
Fry exactly the same as baseball?
Farnsworth: Baseball?? God forbid!
Leela: Face it Fry. Baseball was as boring as mum and apple pie. That's why they jazzed it up.
Fry: Boring? Baseball wasn't - hmm, so they finally jazzed it up?
Fry: Home run!! Woooo! Right?
Umpire: Out!
Fry: What just happened? Why is the ball on that springy thing?
Leela: It's traditional. Just like aluminium bats and the seventh inning grope.
Bender Aww here you go kid!
Zoidberg: I'd like a jumbo squidlog please.
Man: We don't sell those.
Zoidberg: Alright, alright. Let me have one of your young on a roll.
Man: We're out of rolls.
Zoidberg: Fine! Just give me something crawling with parasites.
Fry: Mmmm, at least hot dogs haven't changed.
Bender: Hey buddies who wants popcorn?
All: I'll have some, me, yeah!
Bender: Anyone want butter on that?
Fry: Hey I'm starting to get the hang of this game! The blerns are loaded, the count's three blerns and two anti-blerns and the infield blern rule is in effect, right?
Leela
Fry: What just happened?
Leela's on a pace to hit 70 blerns!
Farnsworth. And Johnson played back in the days when steroid injections were mandatory.
Bender, there was a blern hitting machine!
Leela: Exactly! He was a machine designed to hit blerns! I mean come on! Wireless Joe was nothing but a programmable bat on wheels.
Bender.
Leela: Yep.
Bender: You humans are so scared of a little robot competition you won't even let us on the field.
Fry: What are you talking about? There's all kinds of robots down there.
Bender: Yeah doing crap work! They're bat boys, ball polishers, sprinkler systems. But how many robot managers are there?
Fry: Eleven?
Bender And what a surprise! Look who's scraping up the filth! Is it a human child? I wish!
Farnsworth: Oh dear Lord!
Fry: What's wrong?
Farnsworth: It's...my...new...pager.
Hermes Get away you filthy bird! Shoo! Professor turn me off quick!
Farnsworth: I'm sorry what?
Hermes See you at the office!
Bender: Admit it. You all think robots are machines built by humans to make their lives easier.
Fry: Well, aren't they?
Bender: I've never made anyone's life easier and you know it!
Farnsworth. A world where humans are killed on sight!
Fry: Why is that great news?
Farnsworth: I'm glad you asked that question Fry. You see Chapek 9 was colonised centuries ago by a murderous crew of radical robot separatists.
Bender?
Leela: Hey hold on. I understand these robots hate humans but how do they feel about humanoid aliens?
Farnsworth: They're not fans.
Hermes: That's why Bender will have to make the actual delivery.
Bender: Oh I get it, make the robot do all the work!
Leela: This is the first actual work you've ever had to do around here.
Bender: Well I'm not doing it! It's a robot holiday.
Fry: Really? Which one?
Bender. The holiest two weeks on the robot calendar.
Leela.
Fry: Man that one was a blast!
Bender: It wasn't just a blast it was a sacred tribute to my ancestral prototypes which happened to take the form of a drinking contest.
Hermes.
Bender: All right, I'll go. But so help me, I'll hold a grudge against every last one of you for the rest of your lives.
Farnsworth: Well then it's settled. So long everyone!
Fry: So let me get this straight: This planet is completely uninhabited?
Bender: No. It's inhabited by robots!
Fry: Oh. Kinda like how a warehouse is inhabited by boxes.
Leela: OK Bender, we're here. It's time to get to work.
Bender.
Leela: Now we can't land on the surface because those robots will kill Fry and me, so we'll have to stay up here and lower you with the winch. And remember: You don't know humans, you don't work for humans, and above all, you don't like humans!
Bender: I'll try to keep that in mind!
Leela: Hmm, he seems pretty angry.
Fry: Yeah but I guess I'd be angry too if I had to go to some uninhabited planet.
Leela: Maybe we ought to do something nice for him.
Leela: There. That ought to show that stupid robot we care about him.
Fry: Ah, Bender must be done with the delivery.
Bender!
Fry: Oh my God! We have to go down and rescue him.
Leela: No we can't! They'll kill us on sight.
Fry: Well what are we going to do?
Leela: I don't know, I don't know. It's not an easy decision. If only I had two or three minutes to think about it.
Leela: OK. If we're going to save Bender, we've got to look and act exactly like robots.
Fry: : I am fully operational Captain.
Leela: We have to walk like robots, talk like robots and if necessary solve complex differential equations like robots.
Fry: I can sort of dance like a robot. Will that help?
Leela: Fry first of all this is serious. And second of all...
Fry: Man, we look stupid. We should've gotten store bought costumes.
Leela in this quadrant.
Robot guard: Halt!
Robot guard #2: Be you robot or human?
Leela: Robot...we be.
Fry Eh?
Robot guard #1: Administer the test.
Robot guard #2: Which of the following would you most prefer? A: A puppy? B: A pretty flower from your sweetie or C: A large properly formatted data file?
Robot guard #1: Choose!
Fry: Is the puppy mechanical in any way?
Robot guard #2: No. It is the bad kind of puppy.
Leela: Then we'll go with that data file.
Robot guard #2: Correct.
Robot guard #1: The flower would also have been acceptable.
Robot guard #2: You may pass.
Leela So far, so good.
Robot builder: Little to the right, there you go.
Leela: Have you seen this robot?
Robot builder Aw!
Leela: Come on Fry, walk like a robot.
Fry: I can't. I have to go to the bathroom.
Leela: Robot's don't have bathrooms.
Fry: Oh right. I wonder where they all smoke in high school.
Leela: Listen. Just go behind those garbage cans. I'll stand guard.
Leela: Hurry up Fry.
Resin-offering robot: Sir? Are you aware that you're leaking coolant at an alarming rate?
Fry: Uh...
Resin-offering robot: Well let me just patch you up with some hot resin.
Fry Wait. Yeah!
Resin-offering robot: What sort of robot turns down a free blast of searing hot resin?
Leela: I'm sorry. My friend and I have to go and perform some mindless repetitive tasks.
Resin-offering robot: Sounds like a romantic evening. I won't keep you.
Patrol Officer #1: Get the humanoids.
Patrol Officer #2: Get the intruder.
Announcer: : Intruder alert! Intruder alert!
Leela: Quick! Let's duck in here!
Announcer: : We interrupt this sound file to bring you a terrifying announcement. A non-metallic being has been sighted in the vicinity of Make Out Point.
Rusty: : Say Wendy. Your chassis is a little scuffed. Mind if I polish it for you?
Wendy: : Did you hear that Rusty? It sounded like a human.
Rusty: : Relax Wendy. Humans will never come to our defenceless little town. It's perfectly safe to let our guard down - even for a second.
Robot Human I will eat and digest you all with my system of mighty organs! Behold!
Audience: Ooooo!
Fry: Wow the 3-D's great!
Leela: Mine's not working!
Robot General: : Funny, isn't it? The human was impervious to our most powerful magnetic fields, yet in the end he succumbed to a harmless sharpened stick!
Wendy: : I'm just glad the nightmare is over.
Robot General: : It'll never be over Wendy. Even now humans are lurking in our playgrounds, our breezeways, perhaps even...our movie theatres!
Fry: God help us!
Leela: OK. Keep an eyeout for Bender.
Robot #1: So what did you think of the movie?
Fry: Umm, too much romance, not enough human killing.
Robot #2: Yeah, it was a real chick flick.
Leela: What's that?
Robot #1: What do you mean "What's that?"? Its 5 o'clock: Time for the daily human hunt.
Leela: Try to stay with the crowd so no one notices how crummy you look.
Crummy Robot: Awww that was uncalled for!
Fry: I'm over here!
Robot #4: I heard a human was draining coolant behind garbage can 738.
Robot #5: I heard they unscrew our lugnuts at night and eat them at their human brunches.
Robot Mayor A newly arrived refugee from Earth, lets hear it for - Bender!
Fry: It's him. He's OK!
Bender: Death to humans!
Fry: Ahh! It's good to hear his voice!
Bender: Many said I was too extreme when I first called for the annihalation of the human species, as well as some of the more cunning monkeys. But after living on Earth I can tell you that I am, if anything, too merciful!
Fry!
Bender, just 18.95! Act now and you'll get this Bender action figurine.
Bender Figurine: Bite my shiny metal ass!
Robot Mayor: Let the hunt begin!
Bender: Now. Your basic human is between three and twenty five feet tall and is made of a hairy, oily goo wrapped in a t-shirt.
Robot #1: Is it true they bite your neck, suck your transmission fluid and then you become a human?
Bender: Sure, why not?
Robot #1: Anything in the trap?
Bender: Nothing. Today's active humans prefer a low calorie bait.
Robot Mayor: Well that makes 146,000 unsuccessful hunts in a row. But I've got a good feeling about tomorrow.
Bender: Wait, what's that?
Robot Mayor: Oh thats the old abandoned adult book store. Nothing in there except a few mouldy old shreads of robot pornography.
Bender: Hmmm, sounds like a breeding ground for humans. I'd better check it out.
Bender: Oh yeah! You're a bad girl aren't you?
Fry: Psst! Bender!
Bender: Huh? Wha? You! What the hell are you doing here?
Fry: We've been looking for you. Last we heard you were under arrest as a human sympathiser.
Bender: I was. But they let me go when I told them that I'd killed a million billion humans.
Leela: Good for you. Now lets all get back to the ship.
Bender: What for?
Fry: We're rescuing you.
Bender: I don't wanna be rescued.
Fry: Say what?
Bender: I love this planet. I've got wealth, fame and access to sleaze that those things bring.
Fry: But Bender, we're your friends.
Bender: Friends? That activates my hilairity unit! I'm just a machine to you. You're no more friends with me than you are with the toaster, the phonograph or the electric chair.
Fry: That's not true.
Bender: Well that's how it feels to me.
Fry: Bye Bender. I'll miss you.
Bender: Go on, get out of here before you get caught.
Robot Mayor: Bender, good news. Your album just went gold! What the?
Robot #1: Its the humans!
Robot Mayor: Bender! Do something!
Bender: Uh...got you...you muderous...flesh piles!
Robot Mayor: Your Honour, I intend to demonstrate beyond 0.5% of a doubt that these humans before us are guilty of the crime of being humans. Come to think of it, I rest my case!
Judge: Thank you, Prosecutor. I will now consider the evidence.
Fry: Hey, wait a minute! Isn't anyone gonna defend us?
Leela: Yeah! I mean, he might not have a case, but I'm genuinely not human.
Robot Mayor: Quiet, human!
Robot clerk: Uh oh! He froze up again!
Robot Mayor: Try control alt delete.
Robot #1: Jiggle the cord.
Robot #2: Turn him off and on.
Robot #3: Clean the gunk out of the mouse.
Fry: Call technical support.
Robot clerk: OK, OK. He's back online.
Judge: I find the defendants - guilty!
Fry: No!
Leela: Look! One eye! Count them: One! Not human!
Judge: The humans are hereby sentenced to live as robots live on Earth. They will perform tedious calculations and spot-weld automobiles, until they become obsolete and are given away to an inner-city middle school.
Robot Mayor: Great work Bender! You've taught us to hate humans all over again!
Bender: : Heh heh heh! Oooh!
Leela: Are you alright?
Fry: Oh yeah.
Leela: Who are you?
Blue Elder: We are the robot elders.
Fry: You don't look very old.
Blue Elder: Thanks. We try to take care of ourselves.
Leela: What's going on here?
Orange Elder: Silence! Bring in Bender.
Bender: Alright lets make this quick, I'm due at the opening of a mini-mall. Hey what is this?
Blue Elder: Silence! It is time to put the humans to death!
Fry: But the judge already sentenced us at the trial!
Orange Elder: Silence! That was just a show for the public. We are the true rulers of this planet, hand carved from meteorites by the Robot Founders, over four centuries ago.
Blue Elder: Silence! Come forward Bender. You will have the honour of executing the prisoners.
Green Elder: Silence! I concur!
Orange Elder.
Bender: Uh, I'm a little tired right now. Would it be alright if I just gave them a savage beating?
Blue Elder: No! The Elders have spoken. Show us the killing skills than have made you a media darling.
Green Elder: Do it now! Kill them before they bring down our whole society!
Elders: Do it! Do it! Do it! Do it! Do it! Do it! Do it! Do it! Do it! Do it! Do it! Do it! Do it!
Bender I can't kill them. Plenty of humans have mistreated robots but not these two. they're my friends. Humans are no threat to us. They're stupid, putrid cowards.
Fry: Damn right!
Bender: The fact is, humans are completely harmless.
Blue Elder: We're well aware of that.
Bender: You are?
Blue Elder: Of course. But they're useful to us as a scapegoat to distract the public from their real problem.
Green Elder: Like our crippling lugnut shortage.
Orange Elder: And a corrupt government of incompetent Robot Elders.
Lime Elder: Duh, that's for sure.
Blue Elder: Quiet Jimmy.
Bender: Well I'm glad we got all that out in the open. We'll just let ourselves out.
Green Elder: Silence! You all know too much.
Blue Elder: Elders: Execute function, control, shift, kill!
Fry: Stop! Take one more step and I'll breathe fire on you!
Leela: He'll do it. He's crazy!
Orange Elder: Can they really breathe fire or did we make that up?
Blue Elder: Gee, I can't remember anymore! It might just be from that stupid movie.
Green Elder: Was that the original or the re-make?
Blue Elder: I don't - hey! They're getting away.
Fry Uh, hello suckers!
Bender: Hey hold on a second I forgot to deliver the package.
Robot #1: Lugnuts! Precious lugnuts!
Robot #2: Hooray for the humans!
Bender: Wow, I can't believe you guys did all this for me! This is the best Robanukah ever!
Fry: We wanted to show you that we really do respect your robot heritage.
Bender: Aww, thanks! You do know I made Robanukah up to get out of work right?
Leela: Of course.
Fry: But that doesn't make it any less meaningful!
Bender Hey you guys are good. How the hell do you do that??
Fry (shouting) Give it a rest, you two!
Robot: Sorry!
Teacher: Good morning, class. I trust you've all prepared for today's final exam.
Fry: Uh, excuse me? I missed a few lectures. Uh, what subject is this?
Teacher: Ancient Egyptian algebra.
Fry: What a nightmare!
Teacher Young man, I think it's time you learned a lesson about Lightspeed brand briefs.
Announcer Lightspeed briefs, style and comfort for the discriminating crotch.
Fry: What a weird dream! I'll never get back to sleep.
Fry: So you're telling me they broadcast commercials into people's dreams?
Leela: Of course.
Fry: But, how is that possible?
Farnsworth Although, in reality, it's not liquid, but gamma radiation.
Fry: That's awful. It's like brainwashing.
Leela: Didn't you have ads in the 20th century?
Fry: Well, sure, but not in our dreams. Only on TV and radio. And in magazines and movies and at ball games, on buses and milk cartons and T-shirts and bananas and written on the sky. But not in dreams. No, sir-ee!
Bender: Quit squawking, flesh wad. Nobody's forcing you to buy anything.
Amy: Yeah. I mean we all have commercials in our dreams but you don't see us running off to buy brand-name merchandise at low, low prices.
Perfume saleswoman?
Amy: No thanks.
Perfume saleswoman: And you, sir?
Bender: No thanks. I--
Cosmetologist: What a lovely face. We just need to draw attention away from the eye area.
Fry Can I try these on before I buy them?
Salesman: I'm afraid I can't let you open the package. But you can try on the demo pair.
Fry: Ooh! Ho, ho, ho!
Amy: Hey, Bender! Great new sweater.
Bender: New? What sweater? I came in with it. I don't know you people!
Salesman: $30, please.
Fry Do you take Visa?
Salesman: Visa hasn't existed for 500 years.
Fry: American Express?
Salesman: 600 years.
Fry: Discover card?
Salesman: Sorry we don't take Discover.
Amy: Hey! You're springing for Lightspeed? Pretty ritzy!
Fry: No, I can't afford them. Being poor sucks. What kind of world is this where they advertise things not everybody can afford?
Amy: Quiet. There's an ad coming on.
Mom: Hello, shoppers. It's me, Mom!
Fry: Hey who's the rocker jockey?
Amy: Guh! It's Mom. The world's most huggable industrialist.
Mom: Call me old-fashioned, but when my robot starts to squeak like an old screen door, well, that's when I reach for a can of Mom's Old Fashioned Robot Oil.
Bender: Mmm, tasty!
Mom: And remember: Mom's oil is made with 10% more love than the next leading brand!
Announcer: "Mom", "love" and "screen door" are registered trademarks of Momcorp.
Fry: Hey, Bender. Sounds like you could use a little of that oil.
Bender.
Smitty: Freeze, scuzzbot!
Bender That is, I'm sure there's ... a very ... reasonable--
Amy: Do we have enough money to pay Bender's fine?
Fry: 78, 79, 79.50. Crud! We're 50 cents short.
Leela: I'd love to chip in but Bender stole my wallet.
Fry: Hey, that's my old bank. Maybe my account's still open.
Teller: Hmm. We don't seem to have your retina scan, your fingerprint or your colonic map on file.
Fry: Yeah, well, I did open the account over a thousand years ago. What about my ATM card?
Teller: Do you still remember your PIN number?
Fry: Sure! It's the price of a cheese pizza and a large soda back where I used to work, Panucci's Pizza.
Teller: OK, you had a balance of 93 cents...
Fry: Alright!
Teller: And at an average of two-and-a-quarter percent interest over a period of 1000 years, that comes to ... $4.3 billion.
Hermes: To Fry.
Amy: Cheers!
Leela: I know Fry's rich, but do we really have to wear these top hats?
Bender: Maybe you don't understand just how rich he is. In fact, I think I'd better put on a monocle.
Fry Just keep the tab under $50 million.
Robot Chef I haven't got all day. What kind of pizza yous guys want?
Fry: Uh, yeah. We'll have one with everything but anchovies and one with my all time favourite topping, anchovies!
Robot Chef: Invalid selection. (normal voice) Yo, what are you talking about?
Fry: Anchovies? You know? Those little headless fish?
Robot Chef: Does not compute. Does not compute.
Farnsworth: I'm sorry, Fry, but the anchovy has been extinct since the 2200's.
Fry?
Farnsworth?
Zoidberg: I'm not on trial here.
Fry: So none of you has ever had anchovies? Oh, man! You don't know what you're missing. They were all salty and oily and they melted in your mouth and--
Zoidberg: Stop! Stop! I admit it! My people ate them all! We kept saying "One more can't hurt" and then they were gone. We're sorry!
Fry: I just wish I could've showed you guys how great they were. I may be rich but I still can't buy back all the things I miss from the 20th century.
Bender Huh? Huh?
Fry: So? What do you think?
Leela The floors are made of such hard wood.
Bender: Hey! Get a load of this pathetic 20th century TV!
Fry: What's wrong with it?
Bender: Well, aside from causing eye cancer, these things had a lousy low-definition picture.
Amy: That's true. On a TV like this I bet you couldn't even make out my obscene tattoo.
Leela: That's cute!
Auctioneer: Sold!
Fry: Yes!
Leela: I just don't get it. Who was this Ted Danson, and why would you pay $10,000 for his skeleton?
Fry: I have an idea for a sitcom.
Bender: Ah, leave him alone, Leela. So he's going a little wacko with his money. It's OK.
Leela: You're just saying that because he bought you that antique robot toy.
Bender: Yeah, it is cute.
Auctioneer: Now, our final item: This unopened can of Angry Norwegian brand anchovies circa 1997.
Fry: Anchovies?
Auctioneer: The last known can in existence guaranteed fresh and edible. Do I hear $10,000?
Fry: 15,000!
Man: 20!
Decapodian Woman: 30! No, 40!
Fry: 50,000!
Leela: Are you crazy? It's a can of old fish.
Fry: Don't tell me how to spend my money.
Auctioneer: 50 going once, twice--
Mom: 75,000.
Leela: Oh, my God! It's Mom! I've never seen her in person before.
Fry: 100,000.
Leela: Fry, you can't bid against Mom; she's the richest, most powerful person in the world. And she's so adorable.
Mom: Well, I suppose I could go as high as ... 300,000.
Fry: 500!
Mom: Oh, mercy be. A million.
Fry: Two.
Mom: Six.
Fry: 14!
Mom: I can see the nice young man really wants those little fish. Nevertheless, I'll bid 23 million.
Fry dollars.
Auctioneer: Sir, that's not a number.
Fry: Oh. In that case, 50 million.
Mom You win, young man. I tip my bonnet to you.
Bidder #1: Isn't she adorable?
Bidder #2: Isn't she sweet?
Auctioneer: What a class act! Sold! To the gentleman who bought every item in today's auction.
Fry: Now for some good old 20th century TV.
Announcer: Do you remember a time when chocolate chip cookies came fresh from the oven? Petridge Farm remembers.
Fry: Ah, those were the days.
Announcer: Do you remember a time when women couldn't vote and certain folk weren't allowed on golf courses? Petridge Farm remembers.
Leela: Fry? Are you there?
Fry: Eh?
Leela: You haven't been to work in three days. What have you been doing?
Fry!
Leela: You can't just sit here in the dark listening to classical music.
Fry: I could if you hadn't turned on the lights and shut off the stereo.
Leela: Fry, this isn't healthy. You're living in the past.
Fry: I'm rich! I can live whenever I want.
Leela: But we're your friends and we live here in the year 3000.
Bender: Yeah! Now are you gonna come to the squid fights with us or sit here wallowing in your prehistoric junk?
Fry: Junk? Maybe you can't understand this, but I've finally found what I need to be happy and it's not friends, it's things.
Bender a thing.
Fry: Just leave me alone.
Leela (from outside) My ponytail's caught in the door.
Fry: I don't need them. Not when I have my antique videos, my bucket of fossilised KFC and 50 million dollars worth of anchovies.
Mom: Mercy me, what a day.
Mom Walt! Cream soda!
Walt: Right away, mother. Larry, get your mother a cream soda.
Larry: But, Mom said--
Walt: You heard me.
Igner: What's wrong, Mommy?
Mom: It's those damned anchovies. That dirtbag, Fry, must know their secret. And I won't rest until I get my hands on them. No one messes with Mom!
Walt: Quiet, you!
Mom of oil.
Igner: Can I wear your fat suit?
Mom: No, Igner, put that down!
Walt: What does this have to do with the anchovies?
Mom A single drop of the anchovies' natural oil would lubricate 10 robots permanently.
Larry: Wow, it's a shame they went extinct.
Mom! Cheap effective robot oil. Enough to put dear, old Mom out of businness.
Walt: My God! This Mr. Fry must be a mastermind of the highest order.
Fred: Esther, you ugly!
Mom: We have only one option: We'll have to bankrupt Mr. Fry, so he'll be forced to sell the anchovies to us.
Walt: Mother, you are one clever old skag!
Mom: And don't you forget it!
Larry: But how are we supposed to get Fry's money out of the bank?
Mom: That part will be easy, thanks to the nice people at Mom's Old Fashioned Video Surveillance Unit.
Teller: Do you still remember your PIN number?
Fry It's the price of a cheese pizza and a large soda--
Mom: You know what needs to be done.
Larry: What?
Mom (talking) Now I'm off to some charity BS for knocked-up teenage sluts.
Walt: Mr. Fry, it's those three plumbers you called for.
Larry: We're here to tighten your drain.
Fry: I didn't order any--
Walt: Quick! Give him the tranquilliser.
Larry: That's a good boy.
Walt: Wake up, Mr. Fry.
Fry: Where am I?
Walt: You're in the good old year 2000, working here at Panucci's Pizza. You fell asleep on the job.
Fry: That sounds like me but I thought I got frozen. Wasn't I in the future?
Walt: No, you only "dreamed" you were in the year 3000.
Fry: So I'm really back? That's exactly what I wanted, I guess. Who are you?
Walt: I'm Mr. Panucci.
Fry: You are? Did you grow a moustache since last night?
Walt I said, "I think I hear a customer coming"!
Anderson: Hurry up, please. I wanna get back to the Head Museum.
Larry: Don't worry, Miss Anderson, this won't take long. Now, your motivation is you're back in the year 2000 and your head's still on your body, and you want a cheese pizza.
Anderson: OK. But I'm only doing this so people will take my head seriously as an actress.
Fry: Hey, look! Anchovies!
Walt: Of course. They're not extinct yet. And if you need further proof that this is really a thousand years ago, well, here's contemporary actress, Pamela Anderson!
Fry: Ooh!
Anderson?
Fry: Uh...
Anderson: It was the first movie to be shot entirely in slow-motion.
Walt: It hasn't been made yet.
Anderson: Then he doesn't know I won the Oscar?
Walt: Nope.
Anderson: Crap!
Fry: Wait. You're Pamela Anderson! Cool! What can I get you?
Anderson: Oh, I'll have a cheese pizza and a large ... uh ... line?
Larry: Soda!
Anderson: Oh, right! Cheese pizza and a large soda!
Fry That was quick!
Anderson: So. What do I owe you?
Fry: 10.77. Same as my PIN number.
Igner: Hey! You don't get to laugh.
Igner: Thanks a billion!
Larry: More like 4.3 billion!
Igner: Ow!
Larry: Ow!
Fry: Oh, I had a nightmare I was in the year 2000 and you guys never existed. I'm so glad I'm awake now and you're really here.
Leela: Since when do you care about us?
Bender: We thought you only cared about cans of anchovies and stuffy old songs about the buttocks.
Fry: No, that's not true!
Leela: Goodbye-ee!
Bender: Whee!
Announcer: This dream brought to you by Lightspeed briefs.
Fry: Bender! Leela! Don't leave me. Wait a minute! Hey, buddy, what year is this?
Repo-bot: Uh, 3000.
Fry Wait! What are you doing with my stuff?
Repo-bot: Uh, cheque bounced. We're taking it all back.
Fry: Oh, no! My ATM card! My secret PIN number -- 1077. I've got nothing left. Except...
Leela: You're Fry's relative. Do you have any idea how he got so crazy?
Farnsworth mad! And why? Because I dared to dream of my own race of atomic monsters. Atomic supermen with octagonal-shaped bodies that suck blood out of...
Fry: Leela! Bender! I missed you so much!
Leela: You did? What happened?
Fry: I was robbed. They got everything except these.
Bender: Who did?
Mom: Hello, Fry.
Leela: It's Mom!
Mom: I felt terrible when I heard about your money troubles and I thought maybe I could help out a sweet, young man by buying his anchovies.
Fry: Sorry. But the anchovies aren't for sale.
Mom: What? Listen, you little bastard. I control the robot oil business and I won't let you ruin me. How much do you want?
Fry That's why these anchovies are going on a pizza, so I can share the food I love with the people I like.
Mom Dumb ass!
Fry: What a nice lady!
Fry: OK, my friends. Get ready for the most delicious extinct animal you've ever tasted.
Amy Ew! Gross!
Fry: Ah, no one likes them at first but they'll grow on you.
Zoidberg More!
Fry: There aren't any more. And there never will be.
Zoidberg!
Bender: Going through the 'bot wash!
Bender
'Bot wash, yeah!
Bender: Ah!
Elzar!
Fry: Hey, what you watching?
Bender: Uh, nothing!
Leela: Is that a cooking show?
Bender: No, of course not! It was ... uh ... porno! Yeah, that's it!
Leela: Bender! I didn't know you liked cooking! That's so cute!
Bender: Oh, it's true! I've been hiding it for so long.
Fry: It's OK, Bender. I like cooking too.
Bender: Pansy!
Elzar Now this is why you gotta use cast-iron cookware.
Hermes: Bender, man. It has come to my attention that this company has been paying you to do nothing but loaf about on the couch.
Bender: You call that a couch? I demand a pillow!
Hermes: I'm sorry but if you want to continue drawing a salary you gotta do more than watch the cooking shows all day.
Bender: Hmm.
Fry gonna be the ships cook?
Bender: Yeah! We're gonna kick it up a notch. Bam!
Leela: I know you like cooking shows but you're a robot, you don't even have a sense of taste.
Bender: Honey, I wouldn't talk about taste if I was wearing a lime green tank top.
Fry: Bam!
Fry: So this is Little Neptune?
Bender: Yep. Every chef knows that this is the place to get exotic gourmet ingredients.
Leela: Among other things.
Crack Addict: Come on, man! Don't hold out on me like this!
Organ Dealer Fresh and cheap. Ready for transplant!
Fry: Ooh! What's this?
Organ Dealer!
Fry-Ray.
Organ Dealer: Z is just as good. In fact, is better. Is two more than X.
Fry: Hmm, I can see where that would be an advantage. Do you take cash?
Leela: Fry, you have to be more careful. We're not in the 20th century. You don't know how things work here.
Fry What up?
Alien: Word!
Fry: See?
Fry: Wow! You guys sell every kind of meat here except human!
Neptunian Salesman #1: What? You want human?
Leela: What's this spice for?
Neptunian Salesman #2: That's powdered swamp root. Makes you irresistible to the opposite sex.
Leela: Oh, that's ridiculous! (whispering) I'll take two pounds!
Bender: Hey, buddy. I'm looking for fresh slug.
Neptunian Salesman #1: Yellow or purple?
Bender: Whatever.
Neptunian Salesman #1: The purple one causes terrible nightmare-ish diarrhoea.
Bender: Yeah, yeah. Either one's fine.
Leela: Hey, have you seen Fry?
Fry: Now that you mention it, I do have trouble breathing underwater sometimes. I'll take the gills.
Organ Dealer: Yes, gills. Then, uh, you don't need lungs anymore, is right?
Fry: Can't imagine why I would.
Organ Dealer (shouting) Nurse!
Nurse: Let's do it.
Organ Dealer: You may feel small pain--
Bender: Thank you!
Leela: What the hell were you doing? I warned you to stay away from those guys.
Fry: I'm capable of making my own decisions, Leela. Did you ever stop to think I might be happier with gills?
Farnsworth: Good news, everyone--
Bender: Uh-oh, I don't like the sound of that.
Farnsworth...
Bender: Here it comes.
Farnsworth.
Bender: Thank you, and goodnight.
Leela in the Forbidden Zone?
Farnsworth!
Leela: Uh, Professor--
Farnsworth: Off you go. Pleasant trip!
Fry: Hey, Bender, how's dinner coming?
Bender: Almost ready!
Bender Uh-oh!
Leela: Listen, this is Bender's first meal and he's a little sensitive. So let's be supportive, OK?
Fry: Yeah, OK.
Zoidberg: Alright.
Leela: Oh, dear God!
Fry: That's the saltiest thing I've ever tasted. And I've once ate a big, heaping bowl of salt!
Amy water?
Bender: It's salt with water in it if that's what you mean.
Fry: My vision's fading. I think I'm gonna die.
Bender: There was nothing wrong with that food. The salt level was 10% less than a lethal dose.
Zoidberg: Uh-oh! I shouldn't have had seconds.
Leela: OK, Fry, here's the package to deliver. And for once in your life be careful. This is my first visit to the Galaxy of Terror and I'd like it to be a pleasant one.
Fry: Ow!
Leela: Don't touch anything or talk to anyone. Just go to the palace, drop it off and come right back.
Fry: Jeez, will you lay off! I was delivering things before you were born! I think I know what I'm doing.
Fry Ah!
Fry: Hello? Anybody home?
Guard #1: The royal bottle is empty!
Guard #2: You drank our Emperor!
Fry: No! It wasn't me!
Guard #1: You drank our Emperor! You assassinated him!
Fry: I didn't mean to. He just looked so cool and refreshing.
Guard #3: I'm sure he was.
Guard #1: But now he's gone and your fate is sealed. All hail the new Emperor.
Guards: Hail! Hail! Hail!
Leela: So after I specifically asked you not to touch anything, you drank a bottle of strange blue liquid? It could have been poisonous acid!
Fry: It could have been. But chances were equally good it was an Emperor.
Merg: Excuse me, Your Majesty, I am Merg, the High Priest. If I might interject?
Fry: You might.
Merg: I humbly advise that as your first act you choose a capable Prime Minister. I suggest Gorgak, the previous appointee.
Gorgak: I will be a forceful and effective administrator.
Bender: You know, Fry, I've often thought about becoming a Prime Minister.
Fry: I gotta go with Bender.
Bender: Yes! In your face, Gorgak!
Leela: That's it, Fry. As your captain I order you back to the ship. You are in way over your head.
Fry: Gee, you think so, Captain? I'd better check with my Prime Minister.
Bender: Stay the course, pal!
Gorgak: Your Highness, a package came for you.
Fry Wow! This got here just in time.
Merg: This is Your Majesty's harem. You may choose any of these maidens to be your royal consort.
Fry: Um, how about that one?
Merg: Oh! I didn't realise Your Majesty was into that sort of thing!
Fry: On second thought, I'll take that one.
Merg: Hey, whatever you say. I'm not here to pass judgement.
Leela: Does anyone else think it's odd that a shiftless 25-year-old delivery boy could drop out of the sky, kill the emperor and be rewarded instead of punished?
Fry: You don't have to beat around the bush, Leela. We all know who you're talking about ... uh, me, right?
Amy: I don't think you have anything to worry about. These people seem really mild-mannered.
Zoidberg: They are mild. In fact, you're soaking in one right now.
Gorgak: You touched me in ways I've never been touched before.
Merg: Ah, there you are, Your Majesty. It's time to begin preparing for tomorrow's coronation ceremony.
Zoidberg: A fancy dress gala! I'll wear my formal shell.
Merg: Fry will be enthroned tomorrow at the setting of the three suns when we Trisolians enter our nocturnal phase.
Fry: There won't be a lot of long-winded speeches, will there?
Merg.
Fry: Will there be cake?
Zoidberg: Yeah, I know.
Amy: Hi!
Fry: There you go.
Gorgak: And now, get ready to laugh till your sides leak with our planet's foremost political satirist, Florp!
Florp Right? Am I right?
Fry: Oh, yeah! Yeah, he's right!
Leela: Fry, I have to talk to you. You're in terrible danger.
Leela He met his end when he was drunk by Emperor Strug. And before he could even wipe his mouth, Strug was drunk by Shwab.
Fry: So?
Leela: Look at all these guys. Do you have any idea what the average length of their reigns was?
Fry: 80,000 years?
Leela: No. One week.
Fry: Damn! I knew you wouldn't have asked unless it was really high or really low.
Leela: Every Emperor ascended to power by assassinating the previous one. And guess who's next?
Fry: Well, at least my assassin will get what's coming to him.
Leela: You're in tremendous danger, you idiot! Half of these Emperors were drunk at their own coronation.
Fry: Hey, I plan on having a few brewskis myself.
Leela: No, they were assassinated. In fact, the law says you'll be killed on the spot if you fail to recite the oath from memory.
Fry: Yeah, I was going to thumb through that later.
Leela: That is completely reckless. Don't you ever think ahead?
Fry: Hell, no. If I stopped to think ahead, I wouldn't be Emperor. And I wouldn't even be here in the year 3000. It's just like the story of the grasshopper and the octopus. All year long the grasshopper kept burying acorns for winter while the octopus mooched off his girlfriend and watched TV. But then the winter came and the grasshopper died and the octopus ate all his acorns and also he got a racecar. Is any of this getting through to you?
Leela: I give up! You're gonna get yourself killed and this time I won't be here to save you.
Fry: Who asked you to? I told you a hundred times to stop treating me like a baby. Now go. Go gather your nuts, you nagging grasshopper.
Leela needs me, I'll be in the ship.
Fry Quit it!
Merg: People of Trisol, it is my honour to present your new Emperor.
Fry: What up?
Merg: Stick to the oath.
Fry: Right! I, Fry, who drank Bont the Viscous, who drank Ungo the Moist, who guzzled Zorn the Stagnant...
Fry: (reading) Who slurped Hudge the Dewy, who enjoyed a soup composed principally of Throm the Chunky, do solemnly swear to rule with honour and insanity-- Uh, integrity!
Merg I now present you with your royal unisex robe. Long live Fry the Solid!
Bender: Hey, look. The suns are setting. I can finally switch to hard liquor!
Bender: Check out the glowing freaks. It's beautiful! Hey, what's that?
Merg: The Emperor Bont! He's still alive.
Bont: Of course I'm alive. Now cut this creep open and drain me out!
Fry: My tummy hurts!
Bont: They're over here, they're running up the stairs.
Bender: Shut up, you!
Fry: Ow!
Merg: Let us in!
Merg: Fry must die so that Bont may live.
Fry: What am I gonna do?
Amy: We've gotta get the Emperor out of your body before they kill you!
Zoidberg: Relax, Fry. I'll simply spin you in a high-speed centrifuge, separating out the denser fluid of His Highness.
Fry: But won't that crush my bones?
Zoidberg: Oh, right, right, with the bones! I always forget about the bones.
Bender: Hey, why don't you just sweat him out?
Bont: Forget it! As Emperor I refuse to be dripped out through somebody's armpit.
Fry: I could vomit or urinate. Would you feel better about that?
Bont: Slightly. But my favourite so far is the bone-crushing.
Amy: What about crying?
Fry: That's a great idea! Crying.
Bont: Fine. That or the bone one.
Merg: Keep it up, men. The veneer is starting to peel.
Gorgak: Oh, dear!
Fry: It's no use. I wanna cry but I'm just too macho.
Bender You're a pimple on society's ass and you'll never amount to anything.
Fry: What do you mean? I was Emperor of a whole planet.
Bender.
Fry: These things happen.
Bender: OK, Fry, grab a Kleenex for this one, 'cause there's no God and your idiotic human ideals are laughable!
Fry: Phew! That's a load off my mind.
Bender: Man, I guess it's harder than I thought to make someone cry.
Amy: You did your best, Bender.
Bender: Up yours, bimbo!
Zoidberg: Let's face it, we're in hot butter here. We should call Leela for help.
Bender That is a good idea. I'll go call her.
Fry: She'll never help me. She's still mad that I told her never to help me.
Amy: C'mon. Leela's not the type to hold a grudge.
Operator: Collect call from...
Bender: I'm not giving my name to a machine.
Leela: I'll accept.
Bender: Fry's in trouble...
Bender: And he needs help. Now, I don't like you and you don't like me.
Leela: I like you.
Bender: You do? Look, are you going to help or not?
Leela: I don't know why I should. I mean after what he--
Bender What is it you like best about me?
Amy: Is she coming?
Bender: I'm not sure. But I do know that she likes my in-your-face attitude.
Fry: What the hell is that?
Bont: Its the Juice-A-Matic 4000. It'll strain my juices from you while filtering out the pulp. By which I mean, your shredded remains.
Zoidberg: Of course! Why didn't I think of that!
Fry: This is the saddest day of my life. And I still can't cry.
Bender: Wait a second. Here comes Leela.
Amy: Oh, no! They have her totally outnumbered.
Fry: I can't believe it. She's risking her life for me after the way I treated her. I don't deserve this. I feel terrible.
Bender: You do? Hmm.
Fry: Is she alright?
Bender: I don't know. Perhaps I'll look out this window. Oh, dear God in heaven, they're swarming all over her.
Fry!
Amy (muffled) Oh!
Bender: They're strapping her to juicer. Oh, they're putting some ice cubes in the glass under it.
Fry: This can't be happening.
Bender I'm sorry, Fry. She's dead.
Fry I wish I had died instead of her.
Leela: What are you talking about?
Fry: Leela! You're alive!
Leela: Of course I'm alive.
Bender: I told Fry you were dead so he would cry out the Emperor but you had to go and wreck it by surviving.
Amy: We only got two drops.
Bont: It's only a matter of time now.
Zoidberg: I'll handle this!
Leela: Listen, Fry, I think I can get us out of this if you're willing to let me help you.
Fry That hurt!
Leela: I know. Amy, get the bottle.
Fry: Oh, now I understand.
Leela: Come on. Everybody help out Fry.
Fry: Thanks, everybody. I love you all. You guys are true-- Ow! Cut it out, Bender! That's a tender area!
Leela: How we doing, Amy?
Amy: Great! We're one-tenth of the way there.
Amy: OK, it's your turn.
Fry: Hey, wait a minute! Who are you?
Bont: I'm the Emperor! Thanks for crying me out.
Fry: Oh, you're welcome.
Bender: Hey! Save some for me!
Farnsworth: Good news, everyone. Tomorrow you'll be making a delivery to Ebola 9, the virus planet.
Hermes: Why can't they go today?
Farnsworth: Because tonight's a special night and I want all of you to be alive. It's the Academy of Inventors' annual symposium.
Fry: Wow! I love symposia.
Farnsworth: It's the event of the scientific season. Every member presents an invention and the best one wins the Academy prize.
Bender: Sounds boring.
Farnsworth Simply jam your finger in the hole and this read-out tells you exactly how long you have left to live.
Leela: Does it really work?
Farnsworth: Well it's occasionally off by a few seconds. What with free will and all.
Fry: Sounds like fun. How long do I have left to live?
Bender: Ooh! Dibs on his CD player!
Farnsworth: Oh, my, yes.
Fry: Who's the gross nerd?
Farnsworth: That's me at the very first symposium. I'm the Academy's oldest living member, you know. These youngsters all look up to me.
Wernstrom: Well, well, well. Look who decided to show his wrinkled face.
Farnsworth: Why don't you just leave me alone, Wernstrom?
Wernstrom: Face it, Farnsworth, you're over the hill. It's time to leave science to the 120-year-olds.
Farnsworth: You young turks think you know everything. I was inventing things when you were barely turning senile.
Wernstrom: Go home before you embarrass yourself, old man. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to take a nap before the ceremonies.
Fry: Who's that jerk?
Farnsworth: A hundred years ago he was my most promising student at Mars University. But then, after one fateful pop-quiz...
Wernstrom: A-minus? No one gives Ogden Wernstrom an A-minus!
Farnsworth: I'm sorry, but penmanship counts.
Wernstrom: I swear I'll have my revenge even if it takes me a hundred years.
Farnsworth: And here it is: Slightly over 99 years later and still no revenge. I'm essentially in the clear.
Bender: I've been perusing your fortified wine list and I've selected the '71 Hobo's Delight, the '57 Chateau Parté and the '66 Thunder Chevitz.
Waiter: Exquisite choices, sir.
Bender: And mix them all together in a big jug.
Popeil But wait, there's more. We've got a whole line-up of inventors tonight, starting with that up and coming young star, Ogden Wernstrom.
Bender: More wine!
Wernstrom Bad fish!
Fry: Don't worry, Professor, it's no competition for your death clock.
Wernstrom?
Farnsworth: Let's just say it'll put you young whippersnappers in your place!
Wernstrom: I just hope it's not as lame as that death clock you presented last year.
Farnsworth: Uh, last year, you say?
Wernstrom: That's right.
Farnsworth: Oh, my! Did it put you young whippersnappers in your place?
Wernstrom: Hardly! We laughed until our teeth fell out. Come along, Cinnamon.
Farnsworth: Oh, dear. I'll have to invent something new in the next ten minutes. Perhaps some sort of death clock.
Leela: Uh, Professor...?
Popeil: Our last presentation comes from our oldest member, Professor Hubert Farnsworth. Professor?
Farnsworth: Just a second, just a second.
Wernstrom: Pencils down, prune-face.
Farnsworth distant objects? Well now we can! Thanks to my new invention ... the Smellescope.
Man: Oh, I say!
Farnsworth Oh, my!
Wernstrom.
Popeil: And now for the presentation of the award. Listen, folks, I'm practically giving this prize away to Dr. Wernstrom, for his fish thingy.
Farnsworth: Perhaps 149 is just too old to be a scientist.
Bender: Yep!
Fry: No, Professor, don't give up. There were plenty of times in my century when I was gonna give up but I never did. Never! Hey, are you even listening to me? Oh, I give up!
Farnsworth: By God, you're right! I'm going to build that Smellescope!
Farnsworth: Eureka!
Fry: Did you build the Smellescope?
Farnsworth: No, I remembered that I'd built one last year. Go ahead, try it. You'll find that every heavenly body has its own particular scent. Here, I'll point it at Jupiter.
Fry: Smells like strawberries.
Farnsworth: Exactly! And now Saturn.
Fry: Pine needles. Oh, man, this is great! Hey, as long as you don't make me smell Uranus.
Leela: I don't get it.
Farnsworth: I'm sorry, Fry, but astronomers renamed Uranus in 2620 to end that stupid joke once and for all.
Fry: Oh. What's it called now?
Farnsworth: Urectum. Here, let me locate it for you.
Fry Hmm.
Farnsworth Oh, jeez! Oh, man! Remarkable! A stench so foul it's right off the Funk-o-Meter. I dare say Fry may have discovered the smelliest object in the known universe.
Bender: Ooh! Ooh! Name it after me!
Leela: I think it's moving.
Farnsworth My God! Whatever it is, it's headed straight for us. With enough force to reduce this entire city to a stinky crater. We have less than 72 hours.
Bender: Well, let's get looting!
Fry What the heck is it?
Farnsworth: Ah! Just as I thought. The answer lies in this movie I found on the Internet.
Narrator The repulsive barge circled the oceans for 50 years but no country would accept it, not even that really filthy one. You know the one I mean. Finally, in 2052, the city used its mob connections to obtain a rocket and launch the garbage into outer space. Some experts claim the ball might return to Earth someday, but their concerns were dismissed as "depressing".
Fry: Wow! You got that off the Internet?  In my day the Internet was only used to download pornography.
Farnsworth: Actually that's still true.
Female Scientist: Now that the garbage is in space, doctor, perhaps you can help me with my sexual inhibitions.
Male Scientist: With gusto!
Farnsworth New York is going to be destroyed by a giant ball of garbage.
Leela: Fry, what the hell were you people thinking back then? How could you just throw your garbage away?
Fry: Hey, gimmie a break! What do you do with it?
Leela: We recycle everything. Robots are made from old beer cans.
Bender: Yeah! And this beer can is made outta old robots.
Leela Nothing just gets thrown away.
Fry: The future is disgusting.
Leela: Typical 20th century attitude.
Fry: Hey! You have no right to criticise the 20th century. We gave the world the lightbulb, the steamboat and the cotton gin.
Leela century.
Fry: Yeah, well, they probably just copied us.
Farnsworth: Please! There's no time for this now. This is an emergency. We must warn the mayor.
Poopenmeyer: Garbage ball, huh? That sounds serious.
Farnsworth: Very serious, Mayor Poopenmeyer.
Poopenmeyer Send in my science advisor.
Farnsworth: Wernstrom!
Wernstrom: Well, well, well! Come to present your latest napkin, Professor?
Farnsworth: No, I'm here because a giant trash ball is heading straight for us. Smell for yourself.
Poopenmeyer: Hey! Holy jeez!
Wernstrom: That smell could be anything; a faulty stench coil, some cheese on the lens, who knows?
Woman: Mr. Mayor, we just got this transmission from Neptune.
Man ... passed close by ... horrible stench.
Woman No, I, guess it keeps going.
Woman: There we go.
Poopenmeyer: My God! The senile old man is right.
Wernstrom: Do you mean him or me?
Poopenmeyer: Him!
Linda: Next, New New York in crisis. Morbo?
Morbo: Thanks, human female. Puny Earthlings were shocked today to learn that a ball of garbage will destroy their pathetic city of New New York.
Linda: Makes me glad we live here in Los Angeles.
Morbo: Morbo agrees!
Leela: Can't we just shoot a missile at it?
Military Man: We've simulated that on a supercomputer but the ball is just too damn gooey. A missile would go right through it.
Farnsworth: But suppose we send a crew to plant an explosive precisely on the fault line between this mass of coffee grounds and this deposit of America Online floppy disks.
Military Man: In theory, it could work.
Wernstrom: Uh, in theory, perhaps. But you'll never find a crew willing to take on a mission so suicidally dangerous.
Bender: Oh, crap!
Farnsworth: Now, you'll only have one chance to destroy the ball. After that, it will be so close to Earth that blowing it up would cause garbage to rain over the entire planet, killing billions.
Bender: Oh, boo-hoo!
Farnsworth: Now here's the bomb I've prepared. Once you activate it, you'll have 25 minutes to get away.
Leela: That's all? But--
Farnsworth: Now, now, there'll be plenty of time to discuss your objections when and if you return.
Leela We're breaking up. Turn on the anti-smell device.
Fry: Hmm, sporty!
Fry: Wow!
Leela: Look at all this filth.
Fry Some Bart Simpson dolls!
Doll: Eat my shorts!
Bender Mmm! Shorts!
Leela: Fry, this stuff was garbage when it was new. Let's blow it up already!
Fry: This junk isn't garbage! I can dig in any random pile and find something great.
Fry: Alright, let's get to work.
Leela "6h" minutes?
Bender: There's your problem. The Professor put the counter on upside-down.
Leela: That idiot! It wasn't set for 25 minutes, it was set for 52 seconds.
Fry: We're gonna die! (calmly) Right?
Bender: Right!
Bender: It's gonna blow!
Leela: Hey, watch it! You'll put somebody's eye out!
Bender: OK, OK, keep your space pants on. I'll take care of this.
Fry: We're saved!
Leela: Yeah, but this garbage ball's unstoppable now. New New York is done for.
Linda: All in all, this is one day Mittens the kitten won't soon forget!
Morbo: Kittens give Morbo gas. In lighter news, the city of New New York is doomed. Blame rests with known human Professor Hubert Farnsworth and his tiny, inferior brain.
Farnsworth I'm a dried up husk of a scientist. This is all my fault.
Fry Leela was right. The people of the 20th century were idiotic slobs. Especially me.
Poopenmeyer: Enough! You all failed miserably. It's time to put a real scientist in charge.
Farnsworth: Wernstrom!
Wernstrom: The very same.
Poopenmeyer: Dr. Wernstrom, can you save my city?
Wernstrom: Of course. But it'll cost you. First I'll need tenure.
Poopenmeyer: Done.
Wernstrom: And a big research grant.
Poopenmeyer: You got it.
Wernstrom: Also, access to a lab and five graduate students, at least three of them Chinese.
Poopenmeyer: Um, alright done. What's your plan?
Wernstrom, suckers!
Leela: That rat! Do something!
Poopenmeyer: I wish I could but he's got tenure!
Poopenmeyer Well, I'm out of ideas. Anyone?
Farnsworth: Wait! If we could build an object the exact size, density and consistency of the garbage ball, it might just knock the ball away without smashing it to bits.
Leela: But where can we find a substance the exact density and consistency as garbage?
Farnsworth: Alas, I don't know.
Fry: Uh, what about garbage?
Farnsworth: Good Lord! A second ball of garbage! That just might work!
Poopenmeyer: But garbage isn't something you just find lying in the streets of Manhattan. This city's been garbage-free for 500 years!
Fry: Then it's time to make some more.
Poopenmeyer: Make garbage? But how?
Fry Pure garbage. Now you try it.
Poopenmeyer: By God, I think the boy's got something. Come on, everyone! The fate of the city is at stake!
Fry Very nice.
Poopenmeyer We've trashed this room but that's just the start. We've got to get Fry's message to the people.
Fry: People of New New York, take a lesson from the 20th century. Stop all this pain-in-the-ass recycling and throw your garbage on the floor.
Fry: Go ahead. Just chuck it any old place like I used to. Your city is counting on you.
Farnsworth: If my calculations are correct, this garbage ball will knock the other garbage ball directly into the sun.
Wernstrom: And if my calculations are correct, we're all going to die horribly.
Poopenmeyer: Alright, places everyone. Prepare for launch.
Farnsworth: Five, four, three, two, three, four, five, six...
Leela: Just fire the damn thing.
Fry: Oops!
Farnsworth: Burning garbage!
Fry: It worked!
Poopenmeyer: And so, on behalf of the entire city, I thank you, Professor Farnsworth. I now present you with the Academy prize, which we confiscated from Dr. Wernstrom after it became apparent that he was a jackass.
Farnsworth: Yes! In your face, Wernstrom!
Wernstrom: I'll get you, Farnsworth. Even if it takes me another hundred years.
Poopenmeyer: And, Fry, we owe you a tremendous debt as well. If not for your 20th century garbage-making skills, we'd all be buried under 20th century garbage.
Leela: Should we really be celebrating? I mean, what if the second garbage ball returns to Earth like the first one did?
Fry: Who cares? That won't be for hundreds of years.
Farnsworth: Exactly! It's none of our concern.
Fry: That's the 20th century spirit!
Fry: This is awesome! I've been waiting a thousand years to see a Beastie Boys show.
Bender: Can I get anybody a beer?
Fry: Sure!
Announcer: Ladies and gentlemen, here to lay down some old, old, incredibly old school beats: The Beastie Boys!
Beastie Boys...
Leela: Impressive. They're busting mad rhymes with an 80% success rate.
Bender: I believe that qualifies as ill. At least from a technical standpoint.
Fry: Will you guys shut up! I'm trying to look cool.
Beastie Boys
Beastie Boys know to let the beat...
Mike Don't forget to pick up a T-shirt!
Fry: Wow! An old-fashioned mosh pit! Come on, guys. Tonight we're gonna party like its 1999 ... again.
Beastie Boys
I move the crowd to the break of break of dawn...
Leela: Ow! Hey, watch it!
Fry: Man, these guys rock harder than ever!
Mike: Oh, my...
MCA: It's a mirage...
Ad-Rock: Tellin' you all it's a...
Beastie Boys: Sabotage!
Ad-Rock: Sabotage, yeah!
Mike: Peace, we out!
Fender: Hey, Bender!
Bender: Hey, Fender! Man, I haven't seen you since high school. You still workin' at Jack In The Box?
Fender: Not anymore, baby. I'm with the band!
Mike: Aw! Oh, yeah!
Fender: Hey, fellas, hey. I want you to meet my friends, Bender, Fry and Leela.
Ad-Rock: Y'know, we're really not that interested in meeting them.
Fry: Wow! I love you guys! Back in the 20th century, I had all five of your albums.
Ad-Rock: That was a thousand years ago. Now we got seven.
Fry: Cool! Can I borrow the new ones? And a couple of blank tapes?
Fender: Hey, Bender, why don't we ditch these organ sacks and hit the real party?
Bender: Count me in! I'm gonna drink till I reboot!
Bender: Hey, what kinda party is this? There's no booze and only one hooker.
Fender Wanna jolt?
Bender: Uh, hey, I'm no square but isn't that counter-indicated by my operations manual?
Robot: Counter indicated!
Fender: Come on, Bender, grab a jack. I told these guys you were cool.
Bender: Well, if jacking on'll make strangers think I'm cool, I'll do it!
Fender: Easy, baby. You don't wanna get hooked on this stuff.
Bender: Eh, no need to worry. I don't have an addictive personality.
Fry: Hey, uh, Bender? What are we doing in this bad neighbourhood?
Bender I'll just be a minute!
Preacherbot.
Bender: Hey! Do I preach to you when you're lying stoned in the gutter? No! So beat it!
Fry: Who was that guy?
Bender: Your mama! Now shut up and drag me to work!
Hermes!
Zoidberg: Me?
Amy: Good morning, Bender.
Bender: None of your business! Get off my back!
Amy: What's his problem?
Leela: If I didn't know better I'd almost think he was abusing electricity.
Fry I definitely would've noticed something.
Leela: Bender, why are you spending so much time in the bathroom? Are you jacking on in there?
Bender: No! Don't come in!
Farnsworth: Good news, everyone! Today you'll be delivering a crate of subpoenas to Sicily 8, the Mob Planet!
Bender: Alright, let's get to work! I'll be out in a second.
Fry: I know Big Vinnie said he was giving me the kiss of death but I still think he was gay.
Leela: Did he use his tongue?
Fry You OK, Bender?
Bender: None of your business! Get off my back!
Leela: Uh-oh. There seems to be some sort of electrical disturbance in the Coalsack Nebula.
Bender kind of disturbance?
Leela: Electrical. Anyway, it's going to take some careful piloting to avoid it.
Leela: We're out of control. We're heading straight into the electric field!
Fry: What's happening? I-I feel weird!
Bender Oh, mama!
Bender: What?
Leela: Bender, we didn't mind your drinking, or your kleptomania, or your pornography ring.
Zoidberg: In fact, that's why we loved you.
Leela: But this electricity abuse crossed the line. You almost killed us.
Fry: And you made me feel like a jerk for trusting you. Just like when my friend Richie swore he wasn't taking drugs and then he sold me my mom's VCR and then later I found out he was taking drugs. You make me ashamed to be your friend.
Bender: You're right. I'm a lost cause.
Bender: Maybe there's another way.
Bender What am I doing? What have I become? Huh?
Preacherbot metal. But that don't impress the Robot Devil, no, sir!
Vergerbot: No, sir!
Preacherbot: 'Cause if you're a sinner, he's gonna plug his infernal modem in the wall, belchin' smoke and flame. And he's gonna download you straight to Robot Hell!
Vergerbot: Straight to hell!
Preacherbot: So I ask you: Who will stand up and be saved? Who? Who?
Bender: Me.
Hermes: And as a further cost-cutting measure, I have eliminated the salt-water cooler.
Zoidberg: This is a witch hunt!
Bender
(talking) Greetings, friends. Don't we all look nice today?
Fry: Great! He's whacked out on electricity again.
Bender: No, I'm whacked out on life. My friends, I found religion.
Fry: Religion? Is this another scam to get free yarmulkes?
Leela: Give him a break, Fry. If this helps Bender clean up his act then I think we should be supportive.
Farnsworth: Yes.
Amy: Oh, yeah.
Hermes: Oh, yes!
Zoidberg: Oh, yeah.
Bender: Wonderful. Then you'll all come to my exceedingly long, un-air-conditioned baptism ceremony!
Preacherbot: We are gathered here today to deliver brother Bender from the cold, steel grip of the Robot Devil unto the cold, steel bosom of our congregation.
Robot #2: Tell it, Preacher!
Robot #3: That equals true.
Preacherbot: Brother Bender, do you accept the principles of Robotology on pain of eternal damnation in Robot Hell?
Bender: Yes, I do.
Preacherbot Press any key to continue.
Bender: Uh, while you're at it, could you touch up this seam?
Leela: This is unbelievable. The old Bender never would have taken us out to dinner.
Bender: The old Bender's gone. He won't trouble you anymore.
Waiter care to see the wine list?
Bender Ah! Functional!
Hermes: Mon, I'm hungrier than a green snake in a sugar cane field!
Bender In the name of all that is good and logical we give thanks for the chemical energy we are about to absorb. To quote the prophet Jerematic: 1000101010101...
Bender: ...0010110012. Amen.
Fry: Does that mean we can eat now?
Bender But first, since I love you all so much, I'd like to give everyone hugs. Come here, Fry!
Fry: Oh, uh, but I don't want to.
Bender Come on, everyone line up for a hug. Let's tear down some emotional walls.
Leela: What are you doing to my ship?
Bender There! That ought to convert a few tailgaters.
Fry: Bender's stupid religion is driving me nuts.
Leela: Amen.
Farnsworth: If only he had joined a mainstream religion like Oprah-ism or Voodoo.
Fry: We've got to get the old Bender back.
Leela: And I think I know a way to do it. We have to reacquaint him with a little thing called "sleaze".
Bender: I can't believe somebody hired an interstellar spaceship to deliver a package to Atlantic City. What are we delivering anyway?
Fry: Uh, this.
Bender: Where are we delivering it to?
Leela: Uh, here.
Bender: Another job well done. Now back to the office for an enjoyable evening of fasting and repentance.
Fry?
Leela: Hey, great idea!
Bender: But ... those girls don't wear cases. You can see their bare circuits.
Fry.
Bender: What? Drinking wine is a sin. Even if it is deliciously fortified.
Leela: Hey, Bender, look at that woman's purse. It's hanging by a spaghetti strand.
Bender: Thou shalt not snatch.
Fry: And there's Hookerbot 5000. She's got a heart of solid gold!
Hookerbot: Hey, sailing unit!
Bender: Stop tempting me! For once in my life I have inner peace.
Fry: Pfft! That's for losers. C'mon, sin your heart out.
Leela: Go nuts.
Hookerbot: Live a little.
Woman: Could you hold my purse for a minute?
Fry: Go for it, Bender. You know you wanna!
Bender: Well...
Bender Woo-hoo!
Fry: Look's like we got the old Bender back!
Bender: You know it, pork pie! Except for one thing.
Bender No! No!
Robot Devil: Greetings, Bender! Welcome to Robot Hell.
Leela: What in hell happened to Bender?
Fry Look, Nibbler's caught the scent of vodka and motor oil! Go, boy. Follow that stench.
Bender: I'm hallucinating this, right?
Robot Devil: No, Bender. Robot Hell is quite real. Here's our brochure.
Bender: But I don't belong here. I don't like things that are scary and painful.
Robot Devil: Sorry, Bender, you agreed to this when you joined our religion. If you sin you go to Robot Hell, for all eternity.
Bender: Aw, hell-- I mean "heck"!
Robot Devil: It's alright, you can say that here.
Fry: Wait! I remember this place. They shut it down after all those people caught salmonella from the flume ride.
Leela: Hmm. Look! It's the symbol of Bender's old religion.
Fry: Unbelievable. It's an actual, factual Robot Hell.
Leela: Who would've thought hell would really exist? And that it would be in New Jersey!
Fry: Actually--
Robot Devil your sins, Bender. And for each one we've prepared an agonising and ironic punishment. Gentlemen?
Bender: Aw, crap, singing. Mind if I smoke?
Robot Devil
Here on level one of Robot Hell!
Robot Devil
I'm pit boss here on level two!
Robot Devil: Ooh! Deep-fried robot!
Bender: Just tell me why.
Robot Devil: Please read this 55-page warrant.
Bender: There must be robots worse than I.
Robot Devil: We've checked around, there really aren't.
Bender
My crimes were merely boy-ish pranks.
Robot Devil: You stole from boy scouts, nuns and banks!
Bender
Blame my upbringing!
Robot Devil: Please stop sinning while I'm singing!
Robot Devil
Musicians need that income to survive.
Beastie Boys
That's whatcha, whatcha, whatcha get on level five!
Fry: I don't feel well.
Leela: It's up to us to rescue him.
Fry: Maybe he likes it here in Hell.
Leela: It's us who tempted him to sin.
Fry: Maybe he's back at the motel.
Leela
So just sit back, enjoy the ride.
Fry: My ass has blisters from the slide.
Robot Devil
Publishing indecent magazines,
Robot Devil
Trapped forever here in Robot Hell!
Robot Devil: Of course, that's just for starters.
Fry: Bender, are you alright?
Bender: No! Oh, they're tormenting me with up-tempo singing and dancing.
Leela: Alright, Beelzebot, what'll it take to get our friend back?
Robot Devil: Sorry, but I hold all the cards here. There's nothing I can do. Now, if you'll just sign this fiddle contest waiver.
Leela: Wait. What fiddle contest?
Robot Devil: The Fairness In Hell Act of 2275 requires me to inform you that if you can best me in a fiddle contest, you win back Bender's soul. As well as a solid gold fiddle.
Fry: Wouldn't a solid gold fiddle weigh hundreds of pounds and sound crummy?
Robot Devil: Well it's mostly for show.
Leela: Do you know how to play the fiddle?
Fry: No. Do you?
Leela What happens if we lose?
Robot Devil: You'll only win a smaller, silver fiddle. Also I guess I'll kill one of you, uh, him.
Leela: We'll do it.
Robot Devil: Very well, then. Beat this.
Bender.
Robot Devil Ha!
Leela: Time for the drum solo!
Fry: Run!
Robot Devil: Stop them! They cheated!
Leela: Hurry, Bender!
Bender: I could if you'd drop the stupid gold violin!
Leela: Oh, sorry.
Bender: Don't worry, guys, I'll never be too good or too evil again. From now on, I'll just be me.
Leela: Uh, do you think you could be just little less evil than that.
Bender: I don't know. Do you think you could survive a 700ft fall?
Fry: Good old Bender!
Beastie Boys!
Leela was the worst delivery ever.
Fry: Yeah. I'm never going to another planet called "Cannibalon"!
Bender Food was good, though.
Farnsworth: Oh, great news, everyone.
Bender: Shove it! We quit!
Farnsworth: In that case I'll have to hire a new crew to go on our company vacation.
Leela: Vacation?
Bender: Alright!
Fry: This is great! I haven't had time off since I was 21 through 24.
Farnsworth: It's just my way of thanking you for not reporting my countless violations of safety and minimum wage laws.
Bender: Aww, you!
Farnsworth The Titanic!
Leela: Looks nice.
Fry Ow!
Poopenmeyer: As Mayor of New New York, it's my pleasure to introduce the honorary captain for the Titanic's maiden voyage. A man who single-handedly defeated the Retiree People of the Assisted Living Nebula: Zapp Brannigan!
Leela! Not Zapp Brannigan!
Zoidberg: You know Zapp Brannigan?
Leela: Let's just say we've "crossed paths".
Bender: Was that before or after you slept with him?
Zapp.
Zapp boots?
Leela, meet Zapp Brannigan.
Fry Ooh! How do you do?
Farnsworth: Ah, here's my stateroom.
Bender: Come on, where is it?
Farnsworth: Now, Hermes, you and your lovely wife, LaBarbara, have the suite through there. And Dr. Zoidberg, your marble tank is on the other side.
Fry: Man, first class seems nice!
Farnsworth: It'll seem even nicer once you've seen your room.
Amy: Looks like we're on the Fiesta Deck.
Leela: This is it.
Fry: Well at least we get a window!
Bender: Well, I'm tired of this room and everyone in it. If you'll excuse me, I'm gonna pop over to the casino for the next 135 hours!
Amy: I think I'll go and fill up on bisque at the buffet.
Fry: I guess that just leaves you and your fake fianc´ ... all alone ... on a romantic cruise.
Leela: Take it off or I'll break it off.
Fry: OK!
Zapp: Captain's inspection!
Bender Come on, baby needs a new pair of feet!
Croupier: Snake eyes.
Bender: No! My cheating unit malfunctioned! You gotta give me a do-over!
Croupier do-overs. Next shooter.
Bender: Gimmie you're biggest, strongest, cheapest drink.
iZac: You got it!
Bender: Allow me to introduce myself. I'm Bender.
Countess: Charmed. I'm the Countess de la Roca. I was surprised to see another robot staying in first class. Most of the robots I meet are labourers.
Bender: I assure you, I barely know the meaning of the word "labour".
Countess: Oh, Mr. Bender!
Bender: Please, call me Bender.
Countess: Oh, goodness. I don't--
Zapp: Kif, I'm feeling the captain's itch.
Kif: I'll get the powder, sir.
Zapp! Prepare to change course.
Kif: Sir, this is a leisure cruise. Our path was set by the travel agency.
Zapp: That's for schoolgirls! Now here's a route with some chest hair.
Kif: But that course leads directly through a swarm of comets.
Zapp Divert power from the shields, full speed ahead!
Amy: Oh, yeah!
Mrs. Wong: Amy! Hello!
Amy: Mom? Dad? What are you doing here?
Mr. Wong: We were planning on enjoying a relaxing vacation. But since you're here, we'll have to do some meddling.
Mrs. Wong boy in the cabin next to ours.
Mr. Wong: He's not very ugly.
Mrs. Wong: You should marry him! Or at least use him to conceive a grandchild for us.
Mr. Wong: There he is at the buffet!
Amy: Uh, he seems really nice but, well, I already have a boyfriend.
Mrs. Wong: Really? Where is he?
Mr. Wong: And why isn't he here right now fathering our grandchild?
Amy: Uh...
Leela: Well, our accommodations aren't great, but it sure is beautiful out here.
Fry: Yeah, it's pretty romantic-- Uh, I mean platonic. Th-That sure is one platonic view!
Leela: Fry, just be quiet. I'm beginning to think this whole fake fiancé thing was a terrible, terrible--
Fry: Hmm? Mmm!
Zapp ... I just want you to know I'll be there to score you on the rebound.
Leela: Uh, look, before you get any crazy ideas, that was for Zapp.
Fry: Well, you got anything else for him?
Leela: Alright, can we try not to complicate this?
Amy: Mom, Dad, I'd like you to meet Fry, my boyfriend.
Fry: Hmm? Mmm!
Fry: See you later, wuvvums!
Leela me you were going out with Amy.
Fry: I'm not going out with Amy. It's just to fool her parents. Hey, you're not jealous, are you?
Leela! Of course not!
Fry: Good, 'cause I consider my fake relationship with you a lot more meaningful.
Countess: Mind if I freshen up a bit before we go out?
Bender Pay dirt!
Countess: Lovely, isn't it?
Bender: Yeah. But only 93% as lovely as you.
Countess: Oh, Bender! Either that was a computing error or you're the most romantic robot I've ever met!
Bender: I don't get it, iZac; that bracelet had a diamond the size of a racoon's brain. Why couldn't I steal it?
iZac: It's obvious, Mr. B. You're in love.
Bender: Oh, it's true. But we're star-crossed robots. She, a countess, built with a silver spoon in her mouth. And me, just a regular honest Joe.
iZac: Hey, you gonna pay for those?
Bender: Hell, no!
iZac: Security to bar area. Security to bar area.
Bender: Fellas, please. I'm in love!
iZac: Rough him up!
Countess: What are you doing?
iZac: This penniless chump was stealing drinks, ma'am.
Countess Keep the change.
iZac: You got it!
Zoidberg: Aha!
Fry: Go, Professor!
Amy: Lean back more!
Farnsworth: Ow!
LaBarbara: Come on, Hermes, you could out-limbo all of these people!
Hermes: Don't be a dog heart, woman. You know I can't. Not after what happened.
Announcer: Now limbo-ing for the Earth team, Hermes Conrad.
Boy: You're my hero, Hermes! I'm gonna be just like you!
Hermes: No, boy, stop! It's too low! Your backbone can't take it!
Boy: I'm just like Hermes! I'm just like--
Hermes: Nooo!
LaBarbara: There, there. Now you don't have to limbo if you don't want. It doesn't make you any less of a man.
Farnsworth: Though it did get me some action!
Hattie!
Zapp: Your attention, please. As captain of this vessel, the terrible burden of naming a limbo contest winner is mine and mine alone.
Kif: Shouldn't you be steering between the comets?
Zapp: And the winner is, Leela!
Leela: But I didn't even limbo.
Zapp are invited to dine at the captain's table this evening.
Bender: Well, now you know. I'm not actually rich. I'm a fraud. A poor, lazy, sexy fraud. This isn't even a real bow-tie, it's magnetic.
Countess: Bender, I don't care whether you have money. I love you for your artificial intelligence and your sincerity simulator.
Bender: You do? Really?
Zapp: I like your style, Fry. You remind me of a young me. Not much younger, mind you. Perhaps even a couple of years older.
Fry: Thank you, sir.
Zapp at another woman, I'll be all over Leela like a fly on a pile of very seductive manure.
Fry: Well, rest assured, Leela's the only girl for me.
Amy: Hey, Fry.
Leela: Amy!
Amy: Leela!
Zapp: Ah, the family Wong. Our party is complete.
Leela our boyfriends.
Fry.
Zapp: I'd like to impose a toast on the happy couple. Down the hatch!
Mrs. Wong: Hear, hear! Now let's have a kiss!
Zapp: Yes, Fry. Plant one on your woman.
Fry: Um, let me think. Come and knock on our door, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh. Uh, Mr. Roper--
Mr. Wong: What's the hold up? Kiss my daughter already!
Farnsworth: Wait, I'm confused. Now tell me, Fry, which one of these ladies are you involved with?
Fry: Uh...
Kif: Captain, may I have a word with you?
Zapp: No.
Kif: It's an emergency, sir.
Zapp Oh, very well.
Amy: Well, with Zapp gone and my parents still here, I suggest Fry give me a nice, convincing kiss.
Fry: Ah, now there's something we can all enjoy.
Kif: Sir, remember your course correction?
Zapp: No.
Kif than we'd initially hoped.
Zapp: Kif, old friend, I don't know which disgusts me more: Your cowardice or your stupidity! We'll simply set a new course for that empty region over there. Near that black-ish hole-ish thing.
Fry: Hey, Leela, why'd you run off from dinner?
Leela: I didn't run off. I had plenty of time to finish eating and stroll away while you were kissing Amy.
Fry: Oh, look, I'm not actually interested in her if that's what's bothering you.
Leela: Oh, are you sure? I mean, she has two eyes, you have two eyes.
Fry: I know, we seem like a perfect match, but I just don't feel that way about her.
Leela: Nice nebula.
Fry: Yeah.
Leela: Look's like everybody's got somebody. Except me.
Fry: And me.
Leela Oh, my God! We're heading straight into a black hole.
Fry: Talk about a mood killer!
Zapp: Don't blame yourself, Kif. We were doomed from the start. Nothing remains now but for the captain to go down with his ship.
Kif: Why, that's surprisingly noble of you, sir.
Zapp in command. Congratulations, captain!
Leela: OK. We just have to get from here to the escape pods.
Farnsworth: I'm too young to die!
Leela: Come on, before it's too late!
Bender: You all go without me. I'm gonna take one last look around. You know, for, uh, stuff to steal.
Fry: You're going back or the Countess, aren't you?
Bender: Alright, I am. But I don't want the others to know. If I don't come back, just say I died robbing some old man.
Fry: I'll tell them you went out prying the wedding ring off his cold, dead finger.
Bender: I love you, buddy!
Bender: Countess? Countess?
Countess: Bender!
Countess: I fell through the deck.
Bender: Are you hurt, my sweet?
Countess: No. Luckily a family broke my fall.
Bender: Just hang on! I'll take care of that fire!
Countess: Bender, you risked your life to save me.
Bender When we kiss, I feel like I'm standing waist-deep in a pool of cold, rising water.
Leela: Hurry! The escape pods should be just ahead!
Hermes: Faster!
Leela: It won't move. And the door release is on the other side.
Fry: Then we're dead meat. No one could squeeze under there!
Hermes: No one, except a legendary limbo champion.
LaBarbara: Oh, Hermes!
Hermes This one is for that little kid who's limbo-ing up in heaven right now.
LaBarbara: That's my man, alright, baby, limbo!
Hermes: I still got the moves! Zoidberg, lower the door another inch.
LaBarbara: Just go on through and hit the release, you hot dog!
Hermes: Yes, dear.
LaBarbara: That's my man!
Amy: Yay, Hermes!
Hermes: Uh, can somebody help me up?
Countess: Well, now what are we going to do?
Bender: Wait a second. Aren't you a member of the yacht club?
Countess: By God, you're right! I'm a class-3 yacht.
Farnsworth: Thank God there are plenty of escape pods. We won't have to dress up like women and children.
Leela: We can't leave yet. We've got to wait for Bender. The high gravity must be slowing down his looting.
Mrs. Wong: Amy!
Amy: Mom? Dad? You're alive!
Mr. Wong: Yeah, but so what? The important thing is we found you a new man.
Mrs. Wong: A captain.
Amy Hi!
Kif: Hello!
Farnsworth: I don't feel well!
Fry Never mind!
Hermes: Everyone else is off the ship. Where in Babylon is Bender?
Leela: I don't know. But we can't wait any longer.
Fry: Goodbye, Bender.
Bender: Wait for us!
Leela: Something's wrong. We're two metric tons overweight.
Amy: Well, it's not me!
Fry: Look!
Countess: I'm slipping, Bender. The pull is too strong!
Bender: I can't live without you. If you let go, I let go!
Countess: No! You have too much to live for. It may hurt for a while but one day you'll share your love again. After all, it's shareware.
Bender: Don't talk like that. Tragic romances always have a happy ending.
Countess: Farewell!
Bender: No!
Bender: She's gone.
Leela: But she saved all our lives. Without her, we're light enough to get away.
Fry: Don't cry, Bender. Nobody really knows what happens in a black hole. It's possible she's still alive in another dimension somewhere. Right, Professor?
Farnsworth Not a chance!
Bender What do you think it's worth?
Hermes: It's fake, mon!
Farnsworth We've got a very special delivery today.
Fry: Who's it going to?
Farnsworth: Me.
Bender: Another job well done.
Farnsworth It's a little experiment that may well win me the Nobel Prize.
Leela: In what field?
Farnsworth: I don't care, they all pay the same.
Fry: Is it dangerous?
Farnsworth Off we go!
Fry: Very impressive. Back in the 20th century we had no idea there was a university on Mars.
Farnsworthlike Utah, it was eventually made livable, when the university was founded in 2636.
Leela: They planted traditional college foliage; ivy, trees, hemp. Soon the whole planet was terraformed.
Fry: Does that mean it's safe to breathe the air?
Farnsworth: Of course.
Farnsworth: Over here is Wong Library. It has the largest collection of literature in the Western Universe.
Bender: Hey, look! There's a chapter of my old robot fraternity, Epsilon Rho Rho.
Leela went to college?
Bender: Of course. I'm a bender, I went to Bending College. I majored in Bending.
Fry: What was your minor?
Bender: Robo-American Studies.
Fratbot #1: Are you here to fumigate the moose head?
Bender: Uh, no, actually I'm an Epsilon from way back.
Fratbot #1: Eh, close enough. C'mon in.
Bender: Thanks. Here's your finger back.
Bender: All the coolest robots are in this fraternity.
Fratbot #2: Mate in 143 moves.
Fratbot #3: Oh, pooh. You win again!
Bender: Uh-oh, nerds!
Fratbot #1: Allow me to introduce myself. I'm Gearshift, chapter president. This is Oily, and this here is Fat-bot.
Bender: You're all losers. My name's Bender.
Oily? Wow, you're a legend around here!
Fat-bot: I heard that in one single night you drank a whole keg, streaked across campus and crammed 58 humans into a phone booth.
Bender: Yeah, well, a lot of 'em were children. Anyway I should get going.
Gearshift: No, Bender, wait. We're the lamest frat on campus. Even Hillel has better parties than us. Please, you've gotta stay and teach us how to be cool.
Bender and a regulation two-storey panty-raid ladder.
Fat-bot: Oh, boy! Oh, boy! Oh, boy!
Fry: I tell you, being here really takes me back to my college days.
Man #1: Step right up. Who wants to learn physics?
Man #2: Keep your hands inside the car at all times.
Fry: Good old Coney Island College! Go, Whitefish!
Leela: Don't take this the wrong way, Fry, but you don't seem like the educated type.
Fry Read it and weep. I'm a certified college dropout.
Leela: Please! Everyone knows 20th century colleges were basically expensive daycare centres.
Farnsworth: That's true. By current academic standards, you're merely a high school dropout.
Fry: What? That's not fair. I deserve the same respect any other college dropout gets. By God, I'm gonna enroll here at Mars University and drop out all over again!
Leela: You won't last two weeks.
Fry: Aww, thanks for believing in me.
Amy: Yo, classmate. What you takin'?
Fry Hey, Professor, what are you teaching this semester?
Farnsworth: Same thing I teach every semester: The Mathematics of Quantum Neutrino Fields. I made up the title so that no student would dare take it.
Fry I'll be there!
Farnsworth: Please, Fry, I don't know how to teach; I'm a professor!
Fry: See you in class!
Farnsworth: Oh!
Fat-bot: This is gonna be great!
Bender: Bingo!
Fat-bot: Oh, mama!
Bender Get a load of that!
Meiderneyer: I say, you've damaged our servants' quarters ... and our servants.
Chet: This time Robot House has gone too far.
Bender: Cheese it!
Fat-bot: They're gonna catch us!
Fry A woodpecker.
Leela: I think that's probably your roommate.
Fry What the--?
Monkey: I call top bunk!
Fry: My roommate's a monkey?
Monkey: Brilliant deduction, you're a credit to your species.
Farnsworth: Ah, Fry, I see you've met Guenter!
Fry: You know each other?
Farnsworth: Guenter is my experiment. He was the top secret contents of this stinking crate.
Guenter than share a room with this dork.
Leela: So what makes Guenter talk?
Fry: Is he genetically engineered?
Farnsworth to produce cognitive radiation.
Guenter: You're wasting your breath, Professor. He'll never understand a word of it.
Fry"!
Farnsworth: Please, stop bickering. I arranged that you be roommates for a reason: So I'd only have to remember one phone number. Now shake hands and make up.
Fry: You want a banana?
Guenter: I don't eat bananas. I prefer banana-flavoured energy bars made from tofu.
Fry: I don't like you.
Fry: This is gonna be a cakewalk!
Teacher: Welcome to the history of the 20th century. Look to your left, then to your right. Then in nine other directions. One of the 12 of you will not pass this class.
Amy Let's hear about Walter Mondale already!
Teacher: Be forewarned: The only sure way to get an A in this class is to have lived in the 20th century.
Fry: Swish!
Teacher: You were saying, Mr. Fry?
Fry: I'm from the 20th century. Go ahead, ask me anything.
Teacher: Very well. What device invented in the 20th century allowed people to view broadcast programmes in their own homes?
Fry: Ooh ... I know this ... whatyya call it? Lite Brite!
Guenter: I believe the answer is the television.
Teacher ... Guenter.
Amy cute!
Vernon Now what's all this about?
Woman: Dean Vernon, the students from Robot House are here.
Vernon: Robot House!
Bender: Hey, dean, nice looking model.
Vernon: You keep away from it. You robots are a disgrace to this university. Whenever a fire alarm is pulled, it's Robot House. Whenever the campus liquor store is looted, Robot House. Whenever a human corpse is desecrated--
Bender: Now, I can explain that.
Vernon: That's enough out of you. From this day forth, Robot House is on dodecatupple-secret probation!
Bender: No fair!
Fat-bot: My mom is gonna kill me!
Vernon: Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to get back to the one thing that's kept me sane these past eight years: My model ship.
Gearshift: Fat-bot! No!
Fat-bot: When I get nervous I get hungry.
Bender: Cheese it!
Vernon: Robot House!
Fry: So, Chrissy, we seem to be hitting it off. If you're not doing anything later might I escort you to a kegger?
Chrissy: Not even if you were the last man on Mars.
Guenter: Hey! You like bananas?
Guenter: I got her number. How do you like them bananas?
Farnsworth: And therefore, by process of elimination, the electron must taste like grapeade.
Fry: Sorry, I overslept.
Farnsworth: Until 5pm?
Fry: It's that obnoxious monkey. He kept me up all night with his constant thinking. Just thinking and thinking. He's trying to make me look like an idiot.
Farnsworth: Don't be jealous. Without his special hat, Guenter might be no more intelligent than you.
Fry: I hate that rodent!
Farnsworth.
Fry: That'll show him.
Amy: Dean Vernon, I'd like you to meet my parents, Leo and Inez.
Vernon.
Mr. Wong: How much more for Phi Beta Kappa?
Vernon: How much you got?
Guenter: Sorry I'm late, I was off at a study session ... with Chrissy!
Farnsworth: Oh, I'm glad you made it, Guenter because in honour of parents weekend I have a special surprise for you.
Guenter This is so humiliating.
Fry What's that? You wanna come out?
Guenter: No! Stop!
Chet: I say.
Farnsworth: What's that they're flinging at us?
Guenter: Oh, dear Lord! All over the dean!
Fry: Hey, uh, Guenter? Why don't you get up on the chandelier with your parents and I'll take a picture?
Bender: Well, looks like the party's winding down. Let's take a road trip to Tijuana and get Fat-bot some action.
Fat-bot: It's my first time, I'm really nervous.
Vernon: Robot House!
Leela animal was today.
Fry: You mean peer pressure?
Fry: Look out! He's got a gun!
Guenter: Leave me alone.
Leela: Hey, what's going on? I thought you didn't like bananas.
Guenter: Of course I do. I try so hard to fit in but seeing my parents act like that made me realise I'm just a primitive beast.
Fry: Hey, hey, cheer up. Not everyone turns out like their parents. I mean, look at me. My folks were honest, hard-working people.
Leela: Besides, Guenter, you're not like other monkeys. You've got the hat.
Guenter: So what? I mean, sure, it looks cool and it makes me smart but it doesn't make me happy.
Leela: That's so sad. I didn't even know monkeys could cry.
Guenter: They can't. It's all the hat.
Fry: Look, Guenter, if you're so miserable here, maybe you should just go back to the jungle.
Guenter: The jungle. But I couldn't do that to the Professor. I'm his prize experiment, and he's like a father to me.
Leela: But he's not your father. That guy in the punch bowl was your father.
Farnsworth: Look at him. I'm so proud.
Fry: Thanks, Professor!
Farnsworth.
Fry: Ow!
Student: Hey!
Farnsworth? Why didn't I break his legs?
Farnsworth: Oh, poor Guenter.
Leela: So he just ran away in the middle of the exam?
Farnsworth: I'm afraid so. All he handed in was a paper smeared with faeces. He tied with Fry.
Fry: I guess he realised I was right when I told him to go back to the jungle.
Farnsworth slaving over a hot monkey brain?
Fry entertainment!
Farnsworth: But Guenter's obviously better off being intelligent. Tell him, Leela.
Leela: Nuh-uh, I'm staying out of this. Now here's my opinion: What we should do is...
Farnsworth: What?
Leela: I said we'll go to the jungle and let Guenter decide once and for all.
Farnsworth: What?
Vernon, it will be lifted and I will be forced to serve as Grand Marshal of a parade honouring them.
Chet: I say, Robot House, your water craft is as ill-designed as you yourselves.
Meiderneyer: Good one, Chet!
Bender: Oh, yeah? Watch this!
Chet: Well, I never!
Vernon: Fraternities, on your marks.
Bender: Hey!
Fry: Wow! The jungles on Mars look just like the jungles on Earth.
Farnsworth: Jungles? On Earth?
Leela: I see some movement up there. I think it's him.
Farnsworth: Stand back.
Leela: Oops.
Farnsworth: Don't worry. They'll be fine once the tranquiliser wears off.
Fry: There's our man!
Leela We'll let him choose whether he wants to be intelligent or just a mindless animal.
Farnsworth: Come on, Guenter, take the hat.
Fry: No, the banana, the banana!
Farnsworth: Consider the philosophical and metaphysical ramifications of the--
Fry: Banana, banana, banana!
Leela: Wait, what's that sound?
Gearshift: Hey, Bender, you sure this is a short-cut?
Bender: Not as sure as I was an hour ago!
Vernon?
Farnsworth: Oh, dear Lord!
Leela: No! No!
Farnsworth Stupid monkey.
Fry: No.
Leela: Not there.
Farnsworth: Keep trying.
Guenter: Eureka! The hat goes on the head. It's all so obvious now!
Leela: Help us, Guenter!
Guenter Grab on!
Farnsworth: We're saved!
Fry: 'Preciate it, Guenter!
Leela: Oh, no! Hurry, Guenter, climb up the vine. You can still save yourself.
Guenter Although, on the other hand--
Farnsworth: Oh, that poor, sweet monkey. Well, let's go gather him up. There's no sense letting him go to waste.
Fry: Guenter! You're alive!
Guenter: I guess the hat must have broke my fall.
Farnsworth: It seems to be working at only half-capacity, but I can fix it.
Guenter: No, wait! I like it like this. I actually feel sort of happy.
Farnsworth: But what about your super-intelligence?
Guenter: When I had that there was too much pressure to use it. All I want out of life is to be a monkey of moderate intelligence who wears a suit. That's why I've decided to transfer to business school!
Farnsworth: Nooo!
Bender: Come on, everyone! Big party in Robot House!
Fry: Pizza delivery! Wow, so this is a real TV station, huh?
Technician: Well, it's a Fox affiliate.
Fry: What are you showing right now?
Technician. It's the season finale. Wanna watch?
Fry: Ah, I dunno. That's a chick show. I prefer programmes of the genre "world's blankiest blank".
Technician: She is wearing the world's shortiest skirt.
Fry: I'm in!
Judge: Counselor, I remind you that it's unethical to sleep with your client. If you really care about the outcome of the case, you should sleep with me.
Single Female Lawyer: Your Honour, it's bad enough to proposition a single female lawyer in court, but this is a unisex bathroom.
Judge: Overruled, counselor!
Stenographer: Could you repeat that last part?
Technician: Oh, my God! You've knocked Fox of the air!
Fry: Pft! Like anyone on Earth cares.
Stenographer: Could you repeat that last par--
Lrrr: This is an outrage! I demand to know what happened to the plucky lawyer and her compellingly short garment.
Announcer: Due to technical difficulties, we now bring you eight animated shows in a row.
Hermes: What in the name of Bob Marley's ghost? Get to work, you lazy boat bag!
Bender: Ow!
Fry: Ow! Hey, quit it, Hermes. It's Labor Day.
Hermes: Labor Day? That phoney-baloney holiday crammed down our throats by fat-cat union gangsters?
Fry: That's the one.
Hermes: Hot damn, a day off!
Leela: Who's up for one last summer beach trip?
Bender: Aw, yeah!
Hermes: Ready, Freddy!
Fry: Eh, I think I'll just stay here.
Leela: Fry, you're wasting your life sitting in front of that TV. You need to get out and see the real world.
Fry: But this is HDTV. It's got better resolution than the real world!
Leela with bed sores.
Fry!
Leela: Just get in the car.
Farnsworth: Ah, here we are: Monument Beach!
Fry in New York!
Leela: They are now. In the 2600's, New Yorkers elected a super-villain governor, and he stole most of the world's monuments.
Bender: Truly a great man. Look at him up there.
Hermes Found you!
Bender Nice knowin' you.
Farnsworth: Come on, Zoidberg, I passed it right to you.
Zoidberg: I've had it with this game! I'm going for a scuttle!
Bender: OK, everyone, come and get it!
Fry: Ah, just like my dad used to make ... until McDonald's fired him.
Bender Aw, yeah!
Amy Psst, Professor, I need another bikini.
Farnsworth Oh, my.
Amy: There. How do I look?
Farnsworth: Like a cheap French harlot.
Amy?
Bully man?
Leela ... handsome they are.
Fry: It's OK, Leela, go ahead. I got a lot of work to do.
Bully: Uh, sir, you don't understand. I'm a professional beach bully. I pretend to steal your girl, you punch me, I go down, she swoons, you slip me 50 bucks.
Fry my girlfriend. You take her.
Leela: Fry! Although I suppose we could go for a walk along the beach.
Bully: Uh, no thanks, ma'am, I'm actually gay.
Zoidberg Bender, you gotta spring me. I'll never survive in here; I'm too pretty!
Bender Cheese it!
Fry. The greatest sandcastle ever built. This is the kind of castle King Arthur would have lived in, if he were a fiddler crab.
Leela: It's very nice. We should get a picture before the tide comes in.
Fry: Ooh, yeah. Anyone have a camera?
Bender Pretend you're happy.
Zoidberg: Yay!
Leela: Oh, my God!
Hermes: What in Babylon?
Fry: Nooo!
Hermes: Faster!
Fry: We're all gonna die, aren't we?
Farnsworth Oh, yes!
Linda: Once again, today's winning lotto number was 4. In other news, alien saucers continue to rain destruction upon Earth. We now go live to an emergency address by Earth President McNeal.
McNeal: Ladies and gentlemen, our course is clear. The time has come to knuckle under. To get down on all fours and really lick boot. Give our alien masters whatever they want a--
Lrrr Now then: We want the one you call "McNeal". Give us McNeal or we will lay waste to your cities with our anti-monument laser. We demand McNeal!
McNeal And now, the man who will lead us in our proud struggle for freedom, fresh from his bloody triumph over the pacifists of the Gandhi Nebula, 25-star General Zapp Brannigan!
Man: Yeah!
Bender: Hey, look, Leela, it's that idiotic windbag you slept with.
Leela is under attack. Can't we just forget about that?
Bender: Evidently not.
Zapp That's why I'm ordering every available ship to report for duty. Anyone without a ship should secure a weapon and fire wildly into the air.
Leela: Well, you heard the windbag: We've been drafted. Everyone into the ship.
Bender: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, hold on. I refuse to fight. I'm a conscientious objector.
Fry: A what?
Bender: You know, a coward.
Zapp: Since this is an emergency, all robots will now have their patriotism circuits activated.
Bender Oh, crap!
Zapp Am I right, soldier?
Bender Sir, yes, sir! Sir!
Zapp: Remember, our mission is simple: Destroy all aliens!
Kif: Um, uh, not me, sir.
Zapp This is turning into one very sex-ay struggle for the future of the human race!
Leela: Thanks, but I'm not technically human.
Zapp: Right, right. Nobody destroy Leela either.
Zapp: The key to victory is discipline, and that means a well-made bed. You will practise until you can make your bed in your sleep.
Fry: You mean while I'm sleeping in it?
Zapp: You won't have time for sleeping, soldier. Not with all the bed-making you'll be doing.
Zapp Now, like all great plans, my strategy is so simple an idiot could have devised it. On my command, all ships will line up and file directly into the alien death cannons, clogging them with wreckage.
Fry: W-Wouldn't it make more sense to send the robots in first a--
Bender Aw, cut it out!
Zapp Leela, perhaps before we head into battle you'd like to make love to me, in case one of us doesn't come back.
Leela of us comes back.
Zapp: Here's hoping.
Fry: I'm gonna be a science-fiction hero, just like Uhura, or Captain Janeway, or Xena!
Leela: Fry, this isn't TV, it's real life. Can't you tell the difference?
Fry: Sure, I just like TV better.
Leela: Bender, damage report.
Bender: The auxiliary power's out, and they spilled my cocktail.
Fry: Alright, scumwads. This one's for Bender's cocktail!
Leela: We did it! We won!
Bender Well, who wants a martini?
Zapp: Good work, everyone. The mothership is destroyed.
Zapp: What the hell is that thing?
Kif: It appears to be the mothership.
Zapp: Then what did we just blow up?
Kif: The Hubble Telescope.
Zapp: Stop exploding, you cowards!
Leela If we're gonna get blown to bits, we might as well do it in the comfort of our own home.
Farnsworth Sorry, check back in three days, a week at the most.
Lrrr: We want McNeal! Stop stalling!
Linda: And now a rebuttal from President McNeal.
McNeal: The people of Earth remain united in my refusal to hand over myself. Total annihilation is a small price to pay compared with--
Zapp: Here he is! Come and get him!
Lrrr: You are not McNeal.
Zapp: Huh?
McNeal: Huh?
Nd-Nd: You are not the one we want.
McNeal: Oh, thank you. Thank you, glorious masters! I--
Lrrr: Give us McNeal!
Zapp McNeal.
Nd-Nd: No, McNeal, the single female lawyer.
Lrrr: She wears miniskirts and is promiscuous.
Zapp: Really?
Fry: Miniskirts? That sounds familiar.
Lrrr: Surely you know McNeal. She is an unmarried human female struggling to succeed in a human male's world.
Zapp: Maybe that's just her excuse for being incompetent.
Lrrr is the McNeal.
Fry: Wait, I know her.
Leela: You do not, you big fat liar. You don't know anyone. All you do is watch TV.
Fry.
Bender.
Lrrr: We will raise your planet's temperature by one million degrees a day, for five days, unless we see McNeal at 9pm tomorrow -- 8 central!
Farnsworth: I'm beginning to think there'll be no forced mating at all.
Leela: They're going to destroy the entire Earth if they don't see some stupid TV show about some bimbo lawyer?
Fry: It's crazy! How could they even know about a show from a thousand years ago?
Farnsworth: Well, Omicron Persei 8 is about a thousand light years away. So the electro-magnetic waves would just recently have gotten there. You see--
Fry: Magic. Got it.
Amy spilled Coke on the transmitter.
Fry: Beer-- I would think.
Bender: They must just wanna see that episode. Let's find a tape and give it to 'em.
Amy: There aren't any copies left.
Farnsworth: No, there wouldn't be. Most videotapes from that era were damaged in 2443 during the Second Coming of Jesus.
Fry: Y'know, I saw the first 30 seconds of that episode. If I could make up an ending, maybe we could act it out ourselves.
Zoidberg: I could make the costumes.
Farnsworth: I have an old five-megawatt broadcasting tower in the attic.
Bender could be an acting coach!
Fry: Let's put on a show.
Fry: OK, Leela, you'll be starring as Jenny--
Leela: Uh-uh, forget it. A, I'm camera shy; and B, I get tongue tied in front of an audience armed with death rays.
Amy: Plus, you don't really have the thighs for a miniskirt.
Leela: Gimme the script.
Fry: Places, everyone.
Amy: OK ... all set!
Fry Camera three!
Lrrr.
Bender
Wearing sexy miniskirts,
Bender
(talking) Hey, I'm pretty good!
Farnsworth ... on account of your hot, naked affair with the foreman. How do you plead?
Leela jury.
Hermes during the recess!
Lrrr: If McNeal wishes to be taken seriously why does she not simply tear the judge's head off?
Nd-Nd: It is true what they say; "Women are from Omicron Persei 7, men are from Omicron Persei 9".
Farnsworth: Your witness, Prosecutor Ramirez.
Zoidberg Single Female Lawyer, where were you on the night of August 23rd?
Leela: Sleeping with you.
Zoidberg: Aha!
Leela Fry, there's nothing else here. You only wrote two pages of dialogue.
Fry: Well, it took an hour to write. I thought it would take an hour to read.
Leela: What are we supposed to do now?
Fry.
Leela: Uh...
Farnsworth: What say you, Single Female Lawyer?
Leela I'm giving up being single. Your Honour, will you marry me?
Fry: No, no! Go to commercial!
Bender Bender's Discount Stereo.
Fry? Jenny can't get married.
Leela: Why not? It's clever, it's unexpected.
Fry why people watch TV. Clever things make people feel stupid, and unexpected things make them feel scared.
Lrrr female lawyer, and so shall you remain -- or else!
Fry: You see? TV audiences don't want anything original. They wanna see the same thing they've seen a thousand times before.
Bender: Whatchoo talkin' 'bout, Fry?
Fry: Trust me on this. While other people were out living their lives, I wasted mine watching TV, because deep down I knew it might one day help me save the world. Plus, I would have lost my Workman's Comp if I had gone outside. Now just read these cue cards.
Fry: And action!
Farnsworth: Miss McNeal, I'm afraid I must decline your offer of marriage. For, you see, I'm dying. Cough, then fall over dead.
Zoidberg: My God, he's dead.
Leela says.
Hermes: We find the defendant vulnerable yet spunky!
Zoidberg: Hooray!
Amy: Hooray!
Fry: And ... cut!
Bender
(talking) Huh?
Lrrr will we provide you with our recipe for immortality.
Fry!
Lrrr: And now we must return to our planet, to catch the end of a thousand-year-old Leno monologue.
Bender: You did it, Fry!
Fry It was just a matter of knowing the secret of all TV shows: At the end of the episode, everything's always right back to normal.
Calculon Monique!
Monique: Calculon!
Calculon: Oh, how I wish I could believe that. You may be my evil half-brother, but there's no law against murdering the other half.
Announcer #1 will be right back after this word from...
Announcer #2: Slurm! It's highly addictive!
Trixie: Look! It's Slurms MacKenzie!
Dixie: He's the original party worm!
Slurms: Whimmy-wham-wham-wazzle! Let's party!
Bender: Look at that worm go. Who says there are no more heroes?
Slurms: Hey, dudes, you can win a chance to party with me, Slurms MacKenzie, at the Slurm bottling plant on planet Wormulon!
Announcer #2: Just look for the winning bottle-cap inside specially-marked cans of Slurm.
Trixie: I won!
Announcer #2: No purchase necessary unless you wish to enter the contest. Odds of winning mathematically insignificant.
Fry Rats. Just another tooth.
Fry: I gotta find that golden bottle-cap.
Leela: I've never seen anyone so addicted to Slurm.
Fry: This is nothing. Back in high school I used to drink a hundred cans of cola a week. Right up until my third heart attack.
Leela: Bender, what's wrong?
Bender: I'm sick.
Leela Ow!
Farnsworth: According to Bender's temperature gauge, which I suggest you use next time, Leela, he's running a fever of ... 900 degrees.
Hermes You're payin' for that!
Zoidberg: I'll have a look, but I remind you, I'm an expert on humans not robots.
Fry: I'm not Bender, I'm Fry.
Zoidberg were the robot.
Fry: Nope. Human.
Zoidberg Now what seems to be the trouble?
Bender: My tummy hurts and I've been having this burning electrical discharge.
Zoidberg I didn't have the heart to tell him: It's fin fungus. He'll be floating upside-down by morning.
Amy: You should try homeopathic medicine, Bender. Take some zinc.
Bender: I'm 40% zinc.
Amy: Then take some Echinacea or a St. John's wort.
Farnsworth: Or a big fat placebo. It's all the same crap.
Leela: Hey, what's rattling around in there?
Farnsworth: It may well be the cause of Bender's illness. But more importantly, it's a flimsy pretext to try out my latest invention. To the laboratory!
Farnsworth Aha! There's the cause of your illness.
Amy: Hey, that's my watch!
Bender Hey, now I feel much better! Thanks, Professor. And, Amy, I'm sorry I took your watch.
Farnsworth let it fall into the wrong hands.
Bender: What should we point it at first?
Fry Ow! My sperm!
Bender: Wow, neat! Mind if I try that again?
Fry: Huh, didn't hurt that time.
Bender: Whoa, mama! Hold still, sexy lady.
Fry: What's wrong?
Bender: That's no lady!
"Fembot": Damn Chico! One more upgrade and I'll be more lady than you can handle! Why you so stupid, stupid?
Bender: Hey, bite my shiny metal ass!
"Fembot": You couldn't afford it, honey.
Fry Ah, if only there was some way of knowing which can had the winning bottle-cap inside.
Bender: Huh, w-what? I didn't hear you. I was too busy using this F-ray to look inside of things.
Fry!
Bender: Ah, this thing stinks.
Fry I never wanna see another can of Slurm again. Man, am I thirsty.
Leela: Fry, are you alright?
Bender: You did it, Fry! You found the winning bottle-cap! We won!
Fry: Hooray!
Leela: Ooh, look at that!
Bender: Hey!
Glurmo: Welcome to the planet Wormulon. I'm Glurmo, your golly-rific guide to the splend-tacular Slurm factory.
Fry: Uh-huh. Can we have our free Slurm now?
Glurmo: You'll have all the Slurm you can drink later on when you're partying with my good friend, Slurms MacKenzie.
Slurms: Alright! Whimmy-wham-wham-wazzle! Lay some skin on me, dudes!
Bender Are you ready to get down, get funky with us?
Glurmo: He'd better be, that's what we pay him for. Right, Slurms?
Slurms: Right!
Glurmo: In fact, Slurms has to party all night, every night, or he's fired!
Slurms: Rock on!
Glurmo: But before the party, you're all in for a fun-derful treat: A VIP tour of the Slurm factory!
Slurms I'm gonna go lie down.
Glurmo: Welcome, my friends, to the wondrous world of whimsy that we like to call "Slurms Centralised Industrial Fabrication Unit".
Farnsworth: Oh, my!
Bender: Look! Flowers! And a boat!
Farnsworth: Who are those horrible orange creatures over there?
Glurmo: Why, those are the Grunka Lunkas. They work here in the Slurm factory.
Farnsworth: Tell them I hate them.
Glurmo Then, last of all, we add the secret ingredient that makes Slurm so deliciously addictive.
Fry: So, what's the secret ingredient?
Glurmo: It's whatever your imagination wants it to be.
Fry: Oh. But what is it really?
Glurmo Now, over here the Grunka Lunkas are inducing Wumpus berries to release their flavour, using sensual massage.
Bender: Psst, those berries. Those are the secret ingredient, right?
Glurmo: No.
Bender: You positive?
Glurmo: Yes.
Bender: I'm just asking cause they look kind of secret.
Glurmo: Enough! There will be no further questions.
Fry: Why?
Leela: Hey, look! The disgusting little men are starting to sing.
Grunka Lunkas
The secret of Slurm's on a need-to-know basis.
Grunka Lunka #1: Asking questions in school is a great way to learn.
Grunka Lunka #2: If you try that stuff here you might get your legs broke.
Grunka Lunka #1: We once found a dead guy face down in the Slurm.
Grunka Lunka #2: It could easily happen again to you folks.
Grunka Lunkas
Grunka Lunka lunka dunkity dot!
Glurmo: Hey, I don't pay you to sing! You just used up today's bathroom break!
Grunka Lunka #2: Hard ass.
Glurmo: I heard that!
Glurmo: Now, on your right, you'll see the Slurm Master checking the Slurm for colour and bouquet.
Fry: So thirsty.
Glurmo: Then he tastes it. He tastes it and tastes it, then tastes it some more.
Fry: Uh, could I have some Slurm, please?
Glurmo: No food or drink allowed on the tour. You'll have to wait until you're partying with Slurms MacKenzie.
Fry: When will that be?
Glurmo: Soon enough.
Fry: That's not soon enough.
Leela: Hey, what's behind that door?
Glurmo: Nothing.
Leela: Is it the secret ingredient?
Grunka Lunkas
You should not ask about the secret ingredient.
Bender: OK, OK, we get the point.
Leela: I was just curious because of the armed guards.
Grunka Lunkas: Grunka Lunka dunkity darmed guards--
Bender: Shut the hell up!
Hermes: So you're telling me I could fire my whole staff and hire Grunka Lunkas at half the cost?
Glurmo They're basically slaves.
Leela are you doing?
Fry: I'm dying of thirst. Grab my feet and dunk my head in so I can drink.
Leela: No. That's moronic.
Fry Help! I can't swim!
Leela: Bender, why did you jump in?
Bender: Everybody was doing it. I just wanted to be popular.
Bender: Ow!
Leela: Where are we?
Bender: And why is the Slurm pouring into this sewer?
Fry: This isn't Slurm at all!
Leela: Something's rotten on the planet Wormulon. Look at this.
Leela: This all must have something to do with the secret ingredient.
Fry?
Leela: No. There's already a soda like that: Soylent Cola.
Fry: Oh. How is it?
Leela: It varies from person to person.
Farnsworth: Ooh!
Zoidberg: Do you have any that aren't so tight around the thorax?
Glurmo: Yes, over in-- Say, weren't there more people in your group at the start of the tour?
Amy: Hey, yeah. Fry, Leela and Bender are missing.
Glurmo: If you'll excuse me.
Leela: Quick.
Fry Oh, yeah! I'm never going 12 minutes without a Slurm again.
Leela: It's the end of the line. This must be where they put in the secret ingredient.
Fry Mmm, still warm.
Fry: Ew!
Leela: Blech!
Bender: Oh, Lordy!
Leela Fry!
Fry the secret ingredient of Slurm?
Leela ingredient of Slurm.
Fry: Ew!
Bender Oh, that feels good!
Fry: Thanks, Bender!
Leela: The exit! We made it.
Bender: Uh, Your Majesty, I brought the prisoners.
Glurmo: Well, my curious friends, you learned the secret of Slurm. That concludes the portion of the tour where you stay alive.
Leela: You wish, you slimy worm! Hi-yah!
Slurm Queen: Good work, Glurmo. You have pleased your queen.
Small Glurmo #2: Thank you, Your Majesty.
Small Glurmo #1: Thanks, ma'am.
Leela: How can you trick people into drinking something that comes out of your behind? It's disgusting.
Slurm Queen: Is it? Honey comes from a bee's behind. Milk comes from a cow's behind. And have you ever used toothpaste?
Fry: Whose behind does that come from?
Slurm Queen: You don't wanna know.
Bender: Look, we just came to party with Slurms MacKenzie. By the way, when is that scheduled?
Slurm Queen To the torture cave!
Slurm Queen: You, my metal friend, will have the honour of becoming 174 Slurm cans.
Bender: Ah, this trip is turning into a big letdown.
Slurm Queen: As for you, you will be submerged in Royal Slurm which, in a matter of minutes, will transform you into a Slurm Queen like myself.
Small Glurmo #1: But, Your Highness, she's a commoner. Her Slurm will taste foul.
Slurm Queen Slurm. Then, when everyone hates it, we'll bring back Slurm Classic, and make billions!
Fry: What about me?
Slurm Queen: You are free to go.
Fry: Yes!
Slurm Queen!
Fry: Mmm!
Slurm Queen: Farewell! Oh, and congratulations again on winning the contest.
Leela: Fry, untie us, quick!
Fry Let me just-- One more taste.
Leela: You pig. Stop stuffing your craw and save us.
Bender: I can't see what's happening. Are we boned?
Leela.
Fry: I can't stop eating this delicious ooze. But I'm not gonna let you die.
Leela: Hurry!
Bender Just in time!
Fry arms!
Leela: We're close to the exit. I can smell those filthy orange guys.
Slurms: Stop right there!
Bender: Slurms MacKenzie?
Slurms: Shh! I want you to take me with you.
Fry: Say what?
Slurms: I'm partied out. All I want is to stay home and rent videos and watch them with a few friends. Is that so much to ask?
Bender It says on this bottle-cap you have to party with us.
Slurms: Alright, when we get to Earth. But please don't invite too many people, I wanna keep it small.
Bender: No can do, Slurms!
Slurms: This way!
Leela: She's gaining on us.
Slurms: Go on without me, I'll hold her off.
Fry: But she'll crush you like a worm ... crushing a smaller worm.
Slurms Babes.
Dixie: Yes, Mr. MacKenzie?
Slurms: You've served me well these 40 years, but this time I've got to party alone.
Trixie: But--
Slurms: There'll be other parties for you. Now go. Go!
Bender: Party on, Slurms!
Slurms: Party on, contest winners. Party on.
Slurm Queen: No! We're ruined! They know our disgusting secret!
Farnsworth: Commissioner, my crew has made a horrific discovery: It seems that Slurm is produced in a colossal worm hiney!
Commissioner: Hmm, "hiney", you say? Why, with your testimony we'll finally be able to outlaw this insidious Slurm.
Fry Uh, don't pay any attention to him, sir...
Fry: Grandpa's making up crazy stories again.
Farnsworth: I'm not your grandpa, you're my uncle! From the year 2000!
Commissioner: OK, grandpa, we'll take care of the "bad worms", don't you worry.
Fry: Ah, I just wish Slurms MacKenzie were here to enjoy this with me.
Bender: Yeah, that Slurms sure loved to party. Whattya say we all party one last time for him?
Leela: For Slurms!
Amy: For Slurms!
Bender: For Slurms!
Farnsworth: For Slurms!
Fry: For Slurms!
Zoidberg: Whammy-wazzle!
Bender: Hey, that's not that bad.
Fry: Mmm!
Announcer ... Glagnar's Human Rinds. It's a buncha muncha cruncha human!
Leela: Aww! Somebody likes snouts.
Fry: Is it me?
Bender Stupid can opener. You killed my father and now you've come back for me!
Fry: You alright, Bender?
Bender: Yeah, I guess so. But I don't see why we keep this ticking time-bomb around just for that dumb animal.
Leela You hurt his feelings. Come on, pet him and make up.
Bender: No.
Leela: I said pet him.
Bender Ow! My ass! Get off!
Leela: Are you alright?
Bender: Ah, it's nothing a lawsuit won't cure.
Leela Aww, poor baby chipped a fang.
Bender: Hey, I got a busted ass here, I don't see anyone kissing it.
Zoidberg: Alright, I'm coming.
Jeffery Next.
Jeffery: It's just a simple broken fang, nothing serious.
Bender: What's that you say there, doctor? You're gonna have to put him down?
Jeffery: No-- What? Huh?
Bender: Terrible shame that. Shall I do the honours?
Leela: No!
Bender: You about done?
Leela: Next time I'm keeping it.
Jeffery Now then.
Fry: Hey, what are these rings in Nibbler's fang?
Jeffery: Um, I'm still a little woozy from a gazelle kick this morning but if he's anything like the common tree, the rings might indicate his age.
Fry: Yeah, well, good luck. It'd take some kind of genius to count all those rings.
Jeffery: He's five.
Farnsworth: Happy birthday, young Nibbler.
Leela: Aww, look how cuddly he looks in his new cape!
Bender a new cape.
Fry: Who's playing pin the tail on the moon maggot?
Bender And the crowd goes wild! What prize do I get? Cash?
Amy: Hey, look at Nibbler!
Hermes: Aww, he's holding a spoon.
Zoidberg: He's so talented!
Bender Ta-da!
Hermes: Now he's wearing a hat!
Leela!
All
Let's all have some cake.
Fry: And you smell like one too!
Bender: Hey, what about this?
Leela for this party.
Bender: Fine, we'll have rack of Nibbler.
Leela you cook it.
Bender: So it's a cake you want, is it? I'll make you a cake you'll never forget.
Bender Now, to bake a cake so delicious they'll have no choice but to love and worship me.
Bender.
Bender: Happy birthday!
Leela No!
Bender: Hey! Can't you see I'm using the toilet?
Amy: Bender! How could you flush Nibbler down the toilet?
Bender: Well, step one, I had to lift the seat. That was the first little annoyance. Am I right, men?
Leela down the toilet?
Bender: Only one way to find out.
Leela: You have no sympathy for anyone else's feelings.
Bender: Of course I do. Right now I feel sorry for you.
Leela: You do?
Bender: Yeah. I mean, one cantaloupe-sized bloodshot eye? You ain't winning no beauty pageants, lady.
Farnsworth: And so we say goodbye to our beloved pet, Nibbler, who's gone to a place where I too hope one day to go: The toilet.
Leela: I wouldn't feel so bad if Bender just understood the pain he caused me.
Calculon sugarcoat it.
Doctorbot: Very well. Your entire family died when a plane piloted by your fiancée crashed into your uninsured home. And you have inoperable cancer.
Bender: Bet you weren't expecting that one, Calculon!
Amy: It's like he doesn't understand simple humanoid emotion.
Leela: I wish just once Bender could feel exactly what I feel.
Farnsworth: Actually, through the miracle of science, that can be arranged.
Fry: Uh-oh. Is this gonna be another crazy experiment that crosses a line Man was not meant to cross?
Linda: The official death toll in that tragic rocket crash has now been raised to 54,000.
Bender: Hey, what the hell are you doing with my head?
Farnsworth: I need to tinker in it.
Bender: Why don't you just use a potted plant like Fry?
Farnsworth: Quiet, you. I'm installing an empathy chip.
Fry: And that'll allow Bender to feel other people's emotions?
Farnsworth: Yes. If by "allow" you mean "force".
Bender: Ooh! Ow! Son of a-- Careful with that! Ow...
Farnsworth: Oh, dear. Oh, my. I got it. Once more.
Bender: Ow! Professor!
Farnsworth: Steady now.
Bender: Ow!
Farnsworth Now I'll simply tune it to Leela's emotional frequency.
Bender: My God! I'm overcome with ... feelings. I'm experiencing a powerful yearning to ... to cram my gullet full of mackerel heads.
Zoidberg: That's me, baby!
Farnsworth: Hmm.
Bender: Now I'm worried that I'm not as smart as Leela, but at the same time I feel relieved that I'm cuter than her.
Amy: Uh ... that's me.
Fry: Thanks for covering.
Bender: This time I miss Nibbler and I'm feeling nosy and opinionated.
Amy: Bingo!
Hermes: That's Leela!
Leela: Thank you, Professor. I'm happy that Bender can finally feel my pain.
Bender: Happy. I like this feeling. Just don't revert to your usual mopey self.
Leela: I'm not mopey. You shut up!
Bender: Anger, huh? How dare you make me feel anger, you one-eyed jerk with a dead pet!
Leela: Thanks for taking me out, Amy. I feel slightly less miserable already.
Amy: Hey, you know what'd cheer you up? You should get a puppy.
Leela: A puppy? Nibbler loved to eat puppies.
Fry: What's your problem?
Bender: I miss Nibbler.
Fry: You do?
Bender Why can't she just drink herself happy like a normal person?
Bender You think you're so hot!
Fry: What?
Bender: The only reason you get all the guys is because you dress like a tramp!
Fry: They're just responding to my personality.
Amy: Um, Leela? Armando and I are going to the back seat of his car for coffee. You gonna be alright here by yourself?
Leela time -- really. You two go enjoy yourselves.
Bender A bucket of--
Fry: The spoon's in the foot powder.
Bender: I'm at the end of my rope. I can't live another minute without poor, sweet Nibbler.
Fry: Too bad he wasn't an alligator. Y'know, when you flush those things, they stay alive in the sewers.
Bender: Really?
Fry: Yep. My friend's cousin's caseworker saw one once. It's a widely-believed fact.
Bender Thinking, thinking, thinking.
Bender See you on the other side!
Fry?
Fry: Have you seen my sombrero?
Leela down the toilet? Who's he gonna flush next?
Fry: Hey, it's your fault. He only flushed himself because your emotions made him feel bad.
Leela: You're right. I feel terrible.
Fry: Oh, great, now you're making him feel worse!
Leela: I guess we'd better go down into the sewers and look for him.
Amy: Are you crazy? There's mutants down there! They'll eat you alive.
Zoidberg: They're hideous!
Leela: There's no such thing as mutants. That's a ridiculous urban myth.
Farnsworth: Oh, don't be so sure. Many scientists believe humans really could mutate down there. Uh, due to exposure to toxic waste and radioactive run-off and good old American faeces!
Fry: God bless America.
Fry: Phew! Uh, ladies first.
Fry: Oh, and the aftertaste!
Leela: What is it?
Fry: I burned my finger.
Leela: OK, check the guidebook.
Fry: Looks like we're under Park Avenue. Ooh, ritzy! Just think: All this was probably once a charity luncheon for the Met.
Leela: Wait, what's that?
Bender: I never should have thrown out the manual.
Leela: Bender, you didn't have to come down here.
Bender: I know. But I just missed Nibbler so much.
Leela: He was so cute.
Bender: He was so sweet.
Fry Or maybe it's whatever that is.
Leela: Nibbler?
Bender: Nibbler?
Leela: It's no use. We'd better turn back. Which way, Fry?
Fry Don't worry. It gets wider after about a mile.
Leela: Idiot.
Bender: Idiot.
Fry: OK, OK, never mind. I'll just ask those people for directions.
Leela: Mutants!
Leela: Mutants! They're real!
Fry Back! Back!
Vyolet: Thanks, handsome.
Dwayne: Please, do not be frightened, we're harmless.
Raoul: I have three arms.
Dwayne: I said "harmless" not "armless".
Vyolet: Lay off him. You know he's only got one ear.
Fry: Hey, aren't you supposed to be eating our brains? You're mutants.
Dwayne who are the mutants.
Vyolet, Dwayne, have you looked in a mirror lately?
Raoul: Welcome to our village. It may not be Paris but it has a certain quaint charm that I, for one, wouldn't trade for the world.
Bender: You guys realise you live in a sewer, right?
Dwayne civilisation is merely the sewer of an even greater society above you.
Leela: No, we're on the top.
Fry: Daylight and everything.
Vyolet: It must be wonderful.
Bender: Eh.
Leela: Listen. We actually came down here to find our pet, Nibbler. He got flushed down the toilet.
Raoul This is our library.
Bender: Nothing but crumpled porno and Ayn Rand.
Raoul: And over here is our church.
Fry: Wow. You guys worship an unexploded nuclear bomb?
Vyolet: Yeah, but nobody's that observant. It's mainly a Christmas and Easter thing.
Leela: Nibbler?
Bender: Come to Daddy, sweetie-ookums.
Fry: So, is it true that alligators flushed down the toilet survive down here?
Vyolet: No. That's just an urban legend.
Bender: Then what are those?
Vyolet: Crocodiles.
Raoul: We keep them as pets. Then, when they grow too large, we flush them down into the sub-sewer.
Dwayne-mutants down there.
Vyolet: Please, that's just a sub-urban legend.
Dwayne ... El Chupanibre.
Leela: El Chupanibre? What's that?
Dwayne
And half your alligator.
Vyolet: Crocodile.
Dwayne: Whatever.
Leela: Wait. Our pet Nibbler loves fresh crocodile. It's his favourite treat. He must be El Chupanibre.
Bender: Hey, yeah!
Raoul: You unleashed the dreaded El Chupanibre upon us? Then you are our sworn enemies.
Leela: You don't understand. He would never hurt people. Let us help you capture him.
Dwayne: Impossible. If the legend is true, our only hope is to offer him a snack-rifice.
Raoul: Yes. An unspoiled virgin.
Leela: I volunteer.
Vyolet: Nice try, Leela, but we've all seen Zapp Brannigan's webpage.
Bender: Oh, I made myself feel bad.
Raoul Behold. When El Chupanibre comes for the, uh, "virgin", he will be snared by this rope trap.
Dwayne: Shh. El Chupanibre comes soon. It is nightfall.
Leela: Nightfall? How can you tell down here?
Dwayne: The tide is coming in.
Vyolet: Quiet! The beast approaches.
Bender Look, everyone, it's El Chupanibre.
Dwayne: That's not El Chupanibre.
Bender: Say what?
Dwayne El Chupanibre.
Fry: I'll take care of this.
Leela: Bender, do something.
Bender: I'm too scared.
Fry: Leela, your scaredness is being transmitted straight to Bender. If you care about Nibbler, stop caring about him!
Leela: I can't. I love every living creature.
Fry: Even me?
Leela: As a friend.
Fry: Damn.
Bender.
Leela: Well, I could use a new tank top.
Bender: Bigger! Bigger!
Leela tank top. And designer boots ... encrusted with jewels.
Bender: Don't stop now, you'll need some pants to go with that outfit.
Leela: Yeah. And I could afford it all if I didn't have to feed that stupid Nibbler.
Bender: Bender is back. I'll save you, Nibbler.
Fry: Bender's gonna be killed!
Leela: You know what else I could use? A weekend at one of those fancy spas. And a Toblerone.
Fry: Yeah!
Leela: You did it!
Raoul: Let's have a tissue-tape parade!
Bender: No, thanks!
Dwayne
(talking) It's gonna be many a year before someone flushes another guitar string.
Farnsworth: That was a disgusting story.
Leela: And it's all thanks to Bender. I love you, Bender.
Bender Get that stupid chip out of me before I kill myself!
Farnsworth: Bender, you won't believe this, but the empathy chip burned out. The emotion you felt for Nibbler was actually your own.
Fry: Looks like Bender learned an important lesson about respecting other people's feelings afterall.
Farnsworth: No, I'm wrong. The empathy chip was running at triple capacity.
Bender: And I still barely felt anything. Goodnight, losers!
Leela So long, jerkwads!
Farnsworth: So long!
Fry Check.
Bender: Hmm. Get him, boys!
Fry: Good move.
Farnsworth We have a mission to further the noble cause of intergalactic peace.
Bender: Nope. Watching cartoons.
Fry: Sorry.
Leela: What's the mission?
Farnsworth: It's a delivery for the Democratic Order Of Planets.
Fry: DOOP? What's that?
Farnsworth from your time, Fry.
Fry: Uh...
Hermes programme.
Fry: Oh!
Farnsworth: Tonight is the ribbon-cutting for the DOOP's new headquarters.
Leela: What are we delivering?
Farnsworth: Something without which no ribbon-cutting ceremony could proceed. The ceremonial oversized scissors.
Leela: We'll get them there as quickly as we can.
Farnsworth: Alright, but don't run with them.
Fry: Wow! There's a million aliens. I've never seen anything so mind-blowing. Ooh, a reception table with muffins!
Glab.
Fry?
Amazonian: Big rats there. Me crush with club.
Fry interesting. Maybe we could get to know each other over a coffee.
Glab What are your thoughts on this momentous occasion, Your Neutralness?
Neutral President: I have no strong feelings one way or the other.
Zapp.
Bender: He means you guys did it.
Leela: If you don't mind, we're here to deliver the scissors for the ribbon-cutting.
Zapp: Then you're under arrest.
Leela: What for?
Zapp: How do I know these scissors aren't part of some Neutral plot?
Leela: But they're not even sharp. Who could I possibly hurt with them?
Zapp So, a plan to assassinate a weird-looking alien with scissors. How very Neutral of you.
Leela: What?
Zapp Search them for paper, and bring me a rock.
Kif?
Zapp Drag them to the ship.
Glab: And now, to cut the ribbon, the legendary DOOP captain who just returned from a triumphant carpet-bombing of Eden 7, Zapp Brannigan.
Zapp: What makes a man turn neutral? Lust for gold? Power? Or were you just born with a heart full of neutrality?
Kif: Um, sir, you're supposed to be cutting the ribbon right now.
Zapp: No matter. I'll simply cut it from here with the ship's laser.
Kif: Sir, I don't think that's wise.
Zapp: Kif, if there's one thing I don't need it's your I-don't-think-that's-wise attitude.
Zapp: Whoopsie-daisy!
Glab: Zapp Brannigan, you stand accused of blowing up DOOP headquarters. How do you plead?
Zapp: Absolutely 99% not guilty.
Glab: Then the prosecutor will call his first witness.
Hyper-Chicken: Your Honour, I'm just a simple Hyper-Chicken from a backwoods asteroid but if it please the court I reckon I'll call the entire jury.
Glab: I'm going to allow this.
Hyper-Chicken ... did y'all happen to catch a gander at who blew up that there DOOP headquarters?
Juror #1: That's the guy, right there.
Juror #2: Oh, yeah, right there.
Small Glurmo #1: That one.
Hyper-Chicken: And are y'all gonna vote to convict him?
Neptunian: You'd better believe it.
Juror #1: You bet.
Glab: The jury is instructed to disregard its own testimony.
Hyper-Chicken: Your Honour, the prosecution rests.
Glab: The evidence against Zapp Brannigan is strong. However, in light of his years of service, and the incompetence of this hillbilly prosecutor, I'm afraid I must dismiss all charges.
Leela: Dismiss all charges? Your Honour, I know the case is closed and you've rendered your verdict, but I wanna testify.
Glab: I'm going to allow this.
Hyper-Chicken: Now, Miss Leela, on the date in question, were you or were you not wearing a hoop skirt?
Leela: That's a stupid question. What matters is Zapp Brannigan is the sorriest captain I've ever seen, and I saw the idiot blow up DOOP headquarters with my own eye.
Zapp: I'd like to cross-examine the witness.
Glab: I'm going to allow this.
Zapp: We've met before have we not?
Leela: Yes.
Zapp: And on that occasion, did you have sex with someone? May I remind you you are still under oath.
Leela: Yes.
Zapp And his name is?
Leela: Zapp Brannigan.
Zapp: The very same Zapp Brannigan who did not blow up DOOP headquarters. I rest my case.
Glab: Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, you may begin your deliberations.
Small Glurmo #1: Your Honour, we have reached a verdict. We find the defendant ... guilty.
Glab: Zapp Brannigan, you are hereby stripped of your rank as captain and dismissed from the DOOP.
Zapp And wave it a little, for God's sakes. My friends, you can take away a man's title and his uniform but you can never take away his integrity or his honour. Plus it was mostly Kif's fault.
Kif: What?
Glab: Kif Kroker, you are also stripped of your rank and dishonourably discharged.
Zapp: One day a man has everything, the next day he blows up a $400 billion space station and the next day he has nothing. It makes you think.
Kif: No, it doesn't.
Zapp That's an order, soldier.
Fry: Hey, Bender?
Bender: Yeah?
Leela: Alright, this is the third hose fight I've broken up today and the second one using actual hoses. Now move your lazy asses and start scrubbing the ship like I ordered you to.
Fry: You don't have to get so mad, Leela.
Bender: Yeah, Fry already wiped off some of the dirt with his finger.
Leela: Zapp?
Zapp: Leela, I didn't know where else to turn. You're the only woman who ever loved me.
Leela loved you.
Zapp: I mean physically.
Leela: What do you want?
Zapp: Just let me work for a little food. Perhaps I could paint a fence, or service you sexually, or mop the floors.
Leela: You don't know how to do any of those things.
Zapp: Kif might.
Farnsworth: Leela, who are you talking to?
Zapp: Just a broken-down hobo who's hit rock-bottom. And his commanding officer.
Farnsworth Come in.
Farnsworth Which ones are new?
Hermes: The green dude and the fat man.
Farnsworth: Hmm, I could swear I've never seen that robot before either.
Bender: I'm Bender. You know? The lovable rascal.
Farnsworth, a planet with such high gravity you'll most likely be crushed under the weight of your own hair. Enjoy!
Zapp: So, this Leela. I know she's a very sensuous woman but what manner of captain is she?
Fry: She's really strict.
Bender: And mean.
Zapp: I see. Does she by any chance give the crewmembers spankings?
Fry: No, she just makes us do work and stuff.
Zapp: Good, good. But should she ever institute some sort of bare-bottom spanking policy, let me go in your place. I won't have my comrades harmed.
Bender: Hey, this guy's alright!
Zapp: Here's to us poor schmoes working for the man. Even if he is a hot, sexy, female man.
Kif: I've computed out landing co-ordinates, Captain.
Leela: Thanks, Kif. Very nice work.
Kif: Wait, what?
Leela: I said "very nice work".
Kif: This is the happiest day of my life.
Leela: OK, crew, listen up. Your job is to delivery these 40 pillows to that hotel.
Bender: They're not very heavy but you don't hear me not complaining.
Leela: They're not heavy in here because we have an anti-grav pump. But once you get out on the surface the gravity will be very intense.
Fry: Hey, no prob', this lead apron'll protect me.
Leela pillow at a time.
Bender: Hey, here's an idea, let's deliver all the pillows at once.
Fry: Yeah!
Zapp: That's using the old noodle!
Zapp: Come on, girdle. Hold!
Bender: Uh-oh.
Leela: What the hell happened?
Bender: Some breaking occurred, the dolly was involved, that's about all we know.
Leela: I told you dumb apes not to overload it. Each of those pillows weighs 150lbs here.
Fry: Alright, don't get your panties in a knot. We'll just use the back-up dolly.
Bender: I'll start loading up the pillows.
Leela: No way, Jack. You disobeyed an order, so now you have to deliver all 40 pillows by hand.
Zapp: Let me ask you a serious question, Leela: Does the company that made your bra make a girdle as well? I ask because a friend of mine...
Leela: Just get to work.
Bender: I'm Leela, get to work, neh, neh, neh.
Fry: I agree.
Kif: The point is, it's just so humiliating working for that man. Once, he actually ordered me to ... shave his armpits while he was in the bathtub. So, I said--
Leela: Y'know, why don't we talk about something besides Zapp for a while?
Kif: Oh, alright. Um ... well ... how 'bout then, um... OK, well, there he was in the tub, alright?
Fry: Ah, some good old high-gravity rain. That'll cool us off.
Bender: This is all Leela's fault.
Fry: Yeah. If she had let us use the back-up dolly, we could have broken it, given up and gone home by now.
Zapp: Y'know, boys, a good captain needs many skills, such as boldness, daring and a velour uniform. And I'm not convinced Leela has any of those things.
Fry: Ah, Leela's not that bad. I just wish she didn't make us work so much.
Zapp: Back when I was captain all I asked from my men was their complete loyalty. If I had that, then for all I cared they could sit around the whole day drinking beer in their underpants.
Bender: Beer?
Fry: Underpants?
Kif Oh, you hear that? I'm actually laughing!
Fry: This is a mutiny.
Bender: You're outta here, lady. Zapp's the new captain.
Fry: All hail the new captain.
Zapp: Leela, you might be a formidable do-er of the nasty but I am forced to relieve you of your post.
Leela: On what grounds, you slobbering oaf?
Zapp: Failure to prevent a mutiny. Throw her in the brig.
Fry: We don't have a brig.
Zapp: Then throw her in the laundry room, which will hereafter be referred to as "the brig".
Leela: You really don't want me to be captain anymore?
Bender: You got it, genius.
Leela: But, didn't I do a good job?
Fry: You were mean and you yelled and you made us do all that work.
Leela: Sometimes a captain needs to do those things. Besides I, I thought we were friends.
Fry: Yeah, well, you shouldn't have been such a mean captain then.
Bender: Don't worry, Leela. Soon we'll be able to look back on this and laugh.
Zapp: Back in my old uniform, and it nearly still fits. Even after all that fattening hobo cuisine.
Kif: What shall I do with your civilian clothes, sir?
Zapp So, do I have your loyalty, men?
Bender: To the ends of the universe.
Fry: Ten hundred percent!
Zapp: That's not nearly loyal enough. I order you to sit around and drink beer until you're as loyal as Kif here.
Bender: Yes, sir, sir!
Kif: Um, may I have a beer, sir?
Zapp: No. You're loyal enough already. Meanwhile, I have a plan. We will single-handedly attack our archenemy the Neutral Planet.
Kif: Oh, jeez.
Zapp: Once the neutral war machine lies in ruins, I'll be a hero again and the DOOP will reinstate me as captain.
Kif: But, sir, that plan makes no sense.
Zapp: Maybe not to you, Kif, but if I recall correctly, you were court-martialled in disgrace.
Fry: Ooh, burn!
Bender: Nailed you, buddy!
Zapp: Prepare to continue the epic struggle between good and neutral.
Fry ... and then we'll have pancakes to celebrate and I'll be like...
Zapp: Precisely. Now, in the name of all that is good and honourable, we'll call the Neutral President with a message of peace, then blast him.
Bender: Yes, sir, sirdy-sir-sir-sir!
Zapp: Fly the white flag of war.
Zapp: This is Zapp Brannigan of the good ship ... Planet Express Ship. I come swinging the olive branch of peace.
Neutral President's Aide: Should we trust him, Your Neutralness?
Neutral President: All I know is my gut says maybe.
Bender: What now, chief?
Zapp: Now we crash the ship into their headquarters, killing them in a hellish firestorm from which no living thing can escape.
Fry: Good, good, then what?
Zapp: Then your mission is complete. I, meanwhile, will have ejected to safety, wearing the only spacesuit on board.
Fry: Wait a second. Is this plan gonna kill us?
Zapp: Of course. What do you think I meant by "loyalty"? Now help me into the only spacesuit. It looks a bit sweaty in there so you may need to apply baby powder.
Fry: Leela, we want you to be captain again.
Leela So he's about to kill us?
Fry: We want Leela to be captain again.
Zapp: So it's mutiny, is it? I never thought I'd see the day. Come, Kif, let's eject. I found a children's spacesuit you can wear.
Kif: To be honest, sir, I'd rather stay here with Captain Leela. She actually listens to what I have to--
Leela We're gonna crash!
Bender And Fry.
Leela: OK, OK. We have one chance. Are you willing to do what I say as captain?
Fry: Absolutely.
Leela: Even if I make you work hard?
Bender: As your God is my witness.
Leela break and load all the dark matter into the left engine.
Bender: Oh, man, that crap's heavy.
Fry: And warm.
Leela: Just do it.
Neutral President's Aide: Your Neutralness, it's a beige alert.
Neutral President: If I don't survive, tell my wife, "Hello".
Leela: Hurry! I don't wanna die at the age of 25.
Bender: Honey, unless we hit a time warp, I wouldn't worry about it.
Fry: It's too low.
Bender: Quick.
Leela: You did it! You actually did it!
Fry: And no one will have to punish anyone for the mutiny.
Zapp: And so, when Captain Leela panicked, perhaps distracted by female troubles, my quick thinking allowed me to do whatever I did to save the day.
Glab: Captain Leela, is this rambling story of magic and heroism true?
Leela: Well, actually--
Farnsworth: That a girl! If they don't take him back we can keep him as captain.
Leela: Your Honour, it's all true: My female incompetence, Zapp's cat-like reflexes, the stuff that made no sense, all of it.
Glab: In that case, Zapp Brannigan, I hereby restore your rank and parking privileges.
Farnsworth: Oh, foo!
Zapp: Come, Kif, we've got work to do.
Kif: I-I'll call and tell you about it.
Fry: Leela, I just want you to know that even though you're mean, you're the best captain ever.
Bender: Yeah, you're one dynamite lady. Can we have a week off?
Leela: No.
Fry: Please?
Bender: Come on, Captain.
Leela: Oh, alright.
Farnsworth: No time off.
Fry: Aw, man.
Leela: Let's mutiny!
Narrator As per your request, please find enclosed the last man on earth.
Man Hey, look at that weird mirror!
Bender: Cursed by his own hubris!
Leela: There's a political debate on! Quick, change the channel!
Bender the debate!
Announcer.
Leela: Look, I know there are no car chases but this is important. One of these two men will become president of the world.
Fry: What do we care? We live in the United States.
Leela: The United States is part of the world.
Fry been gone a long time.
Johnson: It's time someone had the courage to stand up and say: "I'm against those things that everybody hates".
Jackson: Now I respect my opponent. I think he's a good man but, quite frankly, I agree with everything he just said!
Fry clones!
Leela: Don't let their identical DNA fool you. They differ on some key issues.
Johnson: I say your three cent titanium tax goes too far.
Jackson: And I say your three cent titanium tax doesn't go too far enough!
Fry: If I were registered to vote, I'd send these clowns a message by staying home on election day and dressing up like a clown.
Leela: You're not registered?
Fry: Nope. Not vaccinated either! Besides, it's not like one vote ever made a difference.
Leela: That's not true; the first robot president won by exactly one vote.
Bender: Ah, yes, John Quincy Adding Machine. He struck a cord with the voters when he pledged not to go on a killing spree.
Farnsworth: But, like most politicians, he promised more than he could deliver.
Leela make a difference and even though it won't, I'm still taking you to get registered.
Farnsworth: Yes, that's a capital idea. Let's all go register!
Fry: Professor, when did you become so obsessed with voting?
Farnsworth: The very instant I became old.
Farnsworth: The problem with both parties is that they always want to give your tax dollars to the less fortunate.
Fry: The less fortunate get all the breaks!
Zoidberg: You know, Fry, you could join a third party, maybe.
Amy: Only weirdos and mutants join third parties.
Zoidberg: Really? I'd better keep an eye out at the next meeting.
Fry: What party do you belong to, Bender?
Bender: I'm not allowed to vote.
Fry: 'Cause you're a robot?
Bender: No, convicted felon.
Woman: We favour unreasonably huge subsidies to the Brain Slug Planet.
Fry: OK, but what are the Brain Slugs who control you gonna do for the working man?
Woman: Attach Brain Slugs to them.
Fry!
Amy: So, is it true you can make all kinds of shirts and ropes out of hemp?
Stoned Guy: Dave's not here, man.
Amy: I also heard hemp makes great shampoo.
Stoned Guy: It does? No way! I gotta check out this brochure!
Farnsworth: So what are you doing to protect my constitutional right to bear doomsday devices?
N.R.A. Man: Well, first off, we're gonna get rid of that three-day waiting period for mad scientists.
Farnsworth: Damn straight! Today, the mad scientist can't get a doomsday device, tomorrow it's the mad grad student. Where will it end?
N.R.A. Man.
Zoidberg: Sure, humans are cute, but how else are we supposed to test cosmetics?
Hermes: I concur.
Fry: Now here's a party I can get excited about. Sign me up!
V.A.P. Man: Sorry, not with that attitude.
Fry: OK then, screw it.
V.A.P. Man: Welcome aboard, brother!
Fry: Alright!
V.A.P. Man: You're out.
Fry: That was pretty cool. I think I'm actually starting to get interested in politics.
Linda: And so, with two weeks left in the campaign, the question on everyone's mind is who will be the next President of Earth? Jack Johnson or bitter rival John Jackson? Two terrific candidates, huh, Morbo?
Morbo: All humans are vermin in the eyes of Morbo.
Linda: In other local news, disaster struck on Saturn's moon of Titan today, when a titanium mine collapsed, trapping 1,000 robot workers.
Bender: What? Lord have mercy!
Linda Sir, what rescue operations are planned?
Mine Spokesman is basically to pave over the area and get on with our lives.
Morbo: News of the mines closing sent titanium prices skyrocketing.
Bender: Alright! I'm rich!
Leela: What are you talking about?
Bender I'm finally richer than those snooty ATM machines.
Fry: Too bad you can't spend it.
Bender: Oh, can't I?
Fry: No.
Bender: Watch me, poor man.
Pawnbroker: Pleasure doing business with you.
Bender You just lost five dollars!
Bender Thank you!
Bender: Hello, peasants.
Leela: Bender? What happened to you?
Fry: Yeah, you look different. Did you get a haircut?
Bender: No, I sold my body.
Farnsworth: Sold your body? Oh, Bender, I've been down that road. I know it's glamorous and the parties are great but you'll end up spending every dollar you make on jewellery and skintight pants.
Fry: This is crazy, Bender. How are you gonna live without a body?
Bender: Pft! Bodies are for hookers and fat people! All I need is a wad of cash with a head wrapped around it.
Fry: Well, at least now you can pay off your loan shark.
Bender: Yeah, right. What's he gonna do, break my legs?
Bender: Ah, this is the life. Another martini, please.
Bender Aw, yeah!
Bender: Put it all on black.
Croupier I beg your pardon. 33 black.
Bender: Yes! The rich get richer!
Bender Ow!
Bender: Timber!
Fry: Hey, Bender, can I take a ride in your car?
Bender: Maybe if you clean up first. It looks like your neck stepped in something. Oh, I'm sorry, that's just your body!
Fry: Hey! You look me in the shins and say that.
Bender Uh, could one of you coffin stuffers please carry me?
Bender: Now, which group of heads is good enough for me to hang out with? What do you think, Fry? Fry?
Schiffer: Hi, I'm Claudia Schiffer's head.
Fry: I recognise you. Didn't you use to have a body of some sort?
Schiffer: Yeah, but it was holding me back. You know, I just did the cover of the Sports Illustrated Swimcap Issue.
Fry: Well, you're looking great.
Schiffer: Thanks. I wouldn't mind losing a few pounds though.
Fry: Couldn't hurt.
Bender.
Clinton: Hey, sugar cookie. You know, legally, nothing I can do counts as sex anymore.
Ford: I apologise for his rudeness, ma'am. He gets this way around meaty-looking women.
Fry: Hey, I remember you. I was gonna vote for you one time. But voting isn't cool so I stayed home alone and got trashed on Listerine.
Ford: Frankly, I've never felt voting to be all that essential to the process.
Nixon: No kidding, Ford.
Bender: So then the hookerbot says, "That's not my expansion slot" and my friend says, "That's not my gold-plated 25-pin connector!"
Washington: Oh, Bender. Thou robots really cracketh me up.
Bender: You know, I like it here. What's the rent on one of these jars?
George H.W. Bush: Sorry, Bender, but we just can't allow every Tom, Dick, and Harry to move in. No offence, Jefferson, Nixon and Truman.
Carter: Maybe Mr. Bender can get a spot in the closet of presidential losers.
Dole: Bob Dole needs company. LaRouche won't stop with the "knock knock" jokes.
Bender: Pass.
Washington: So, telleth, Bender. What hath happened to your body?
Bender: I hocked it.
Washington: Hocked it? Why wouldst thou do that?
Bender: Same reason you hocked your teeth.
Washington: Ah. Booze money.
Nixon: I remember my body; flabby, pastey-skinned, riddled with phlebitis. A good Republican body! God, I loved it.
Fry: I hear that. I spent most of my teen years loving my body. Course, it was tough love but-- Ooh!
Leela: Fry, he opened up relations with China. He doesn't want to hear about your ding-dong.
Bender: So, Nixon. Even if you miss your body, being a head's great too, right?
Nixon: No, son. It's a sad and lonely life.
Bender: Oh, great. Now you tell me!
Nixon: That's my style. I like to kick 'em when they're down!
Bender: Ones ... zeros ... one, one, zero, zero, one--
Fry: Bender, what is it?
Bender: Whoa, what an awful dream. Ones and zeros everywhere. And I thought I saw a two.
Fry: It was just a dream, Bender. There's no such thing as two.
Bender: I know what this is about. My body loved me, and I turned it's back on it. Well, old friend, tie a yellow ribbon round your neck, 'cause I'm a-comin' home!
Bender: You sold my body? To who?
Pawnbroker: I can't reveal that information, but you look like a nice robot. Tell you what, I'll give you 50 bucks for the kid.
Fry: Hey, my clothes are worth 50 bucks!
Pawnbroker: Deal.
Bender: Oh! How could I let this happen? I can't go through the rest of my life like this.
Farnsworth: Don't you have a self-destruct button?
Bender: Yeah, but it's on my body. What am I gonna do?
Fry: Ah, I can't stand to see a robot cry. Let's watch TV!
Nixon: And so, ladies and gentlemen, I'm throwing my head into the ring. I'm announcing my candidacy for the presidency of Earth.
Journalist #1: Just one question.
Scoop Chang: Scoop Chang, Beijing Bugle. Sir, the constitution clearly states that nobody can be elected president more than twice.
Nixon But as you can plainly see, I've got a shiny new body!
Bender: Oh!
Leela: Bender, he's got your body!
Bender: That dirty, double-crossing bastard! How dare he run off with Richard Nixon!
Leela: Nixon must have bought your body from the pawn shop.
Fry: Yeah, and that electric guitar.
Nixon I am not a crook's head!
Bender: Yeah, you are, you stole my body! Fry, Leela, you gotta help me!
Leela: Ordinarily I'd say no and lecture you on how this is your own fault for being such an idiot. But when a robotic Nixon is on the loose, we have a duty to take action. Idiot.
Morbo: Morbo will now introduce tonight's candidates: Puny Human #1, Puny Human #2, and Morbo's good friend, Richard Nixon.
Nixon: Hello, Morbo. How's the family?
Morbo: Belligerent and numerous.
Nixon: Good man. Nixon's pro-war and pro-family.
Bender: Great. First he steals my body, now he's touching my stuff.
Leela: Come on. We've gotta find some way to talk to him.
Morbo: Morbo demands an answer to the following question: If you saw delicious candy in the hands of a small child would you seize and consume it?
Johnson: Unthinkable.
Jackson: I wouldn't think of it.
Morbo: What about you, Mr. Nixon? I remind you, you are under a truth-o-scope.
Nixon At any rate, I certainly wouldn't harm the child.
Nixon's campaign manager: You scored big points tonight, sir.
Nixon: What are you talking about? They ate me alive out there.
Nixon's campaign manager: Yes, but your body stayed on message. And that message is, "Look at my shiny new body". The robots ate it up. You've got real charisma from the neck down.
Nixon: Nixon with charisma? My God, I can rule the universe!
Bender: Give me my body back, you two-bit thief!
Nixon Shut up, damnit!
Fry: Please, Mr. Nixon. We're appealing to your sense of decency.
Bender: That was a good one!
Nixon: Seriously though, I'm never giving back this body. Now beat it! Before I get Cambodian on your asses!
Bender: It's hopeless. We might as well turn in my head for the five cent deposit.
Fry cents! Leela, I've got a plan!
Leela: I've got a better plan.
Fry: Why would Nixon stay at the Watergate?
Leela: They give you a discount if you've been here before.
Fry: Keep going, we're right behind you.
Bender: Whoa, mama! Get a room, you two!
Man: We're in a room!
Bender: Well then lose some weight.
Nixon: Aroo!
Nixon: Oh, yeah. You women's libbers really know how to party!
Bender: Psst! There I am!
Nixon: Hey, Betty Friedan, send a little of that lotion my way!
Leela: OK, almost got it. Steady. Steady. Don't panic.
Fry Uh-oh!
Nixon You shaggy peaceniks have some nerve!
Bender: I'm just here for what's mine. Don't make me kick your neck.
Nixon: Bring it on, soup can.
Leela: Alright, break it up, you two!
Nixon: That's it. You're all going to jail. And don't expect me to grant a pardon like that sissy, Ford.
Leela: You'll never pardon anybody because you'll never get elected president. The voters of Earth aren't the pea-brained idiots they were back in your time.
Nixon over the years. And once I'm swept into office, I'll sell our children's organs to zoos for meat and I'll go into people's houses at night and wreck up the place.
Fry: Well, he lost my vote.
Nixon: Like one vote ever made a difference. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to inch myself over to the phone and call the police.
Bender: Not so fast, Nixon! Are you familiar with audio tape?
Nixon: Uh-oh. I don't like where this is heading.
Nixon: And I'll go into people's houses at night and wreck up the place!
Nixon: My God? I really sound like that? I thought my voice had more of a Clark Gable quality.
Leela: The jig's up, Nixon. We'll trade you the tape for the body.
Nixon: Oh, expletive deleted. You've got a deal.
Fry: Hey, I've got one last thought.
Bender: Ah, it's good to be back in one piece again. Except I can't get these damn bumper stickers off.
Linda: The sheer drama of this election has driven voter turnout to its highest level in centuries. 6%
Morbo: Exit polls show evil underdog Richard Nixon trailing with an estimated zero votes.
Leela: Yes! The system works!
Linda: The time is 7:59 and the robot polls are now opening ... and the robot vote is in. Nixon has won!
Leela: No!
Fry: What?
Bender: Get out of town!
Fry: Why would robots vote for Nixon now that he's just a head in a jar?
Nixon's campaign manager: I give you the next president of Earth!
Nixon: Nixon's back!
Farnsworth: I can't believe it. He won by a single vote.
Bender: Well it ain't my fault. I'm a non-voting felon, thank you.
Fry: Well it's not my fault either 'cause I forgot to vote.
Leela: Oh, crud. I knew there was something I meant to do today.
Morbo: Morbo congratulates our gargantuan cyborg president. May death come quickly to his enemies.
Nixon!
Nixon: Knock, knock!
Announcer: Ladies and gentlemen, Conan O'Brien's head.
O'Brien So, people are getting pretty worried about this Y2K problem, huh?
Bender: No, they fixed that 900 years ago.
O'Brien: Just bear with me, sir. Anyway, I'm walking to work this morning--
Bender: I doubt it!
O'Brien: Listen, pal, I may have lost my freakishly long legs in the war of 2012 but I've still got something you'll never have: A soul!
Bender: Eh.
O'Brien Well, I'm out of material. You can catch me next week at the Andromeda Chuckle Hut. Enjoy your breakfast.
Bender funny!
Farnsworth: Come on, everyone. Perhaps some skiing will help us forget the mouldy old antics of Conan O'Brien.
Amy: Yeah!
Leela: Great idea!
Zoidberg: We can only hope!
Fry: This snow is beautiful. I'm glad global warming never happened.
Leela: Actually it did. But thank God nuclear winter cancelled it out.
Fry: Hi!
Bender: Enough of your mindless chitchat, let's get going.
Hermes: Jah damnit! We're stuck.
Zoidberg: At least you're not cold-blooded!
Hermes: Sweet lion of Zion! Look at the Professor go.
Fry: Look out! We're heading straight for those trees!
Leela: Yeah, yeah, relax. Trees down.
Trees: Trees down.
Fry: Cool. Hey, what do you do if you want the trees up?
Trees: Trees up.
Fry: Trees down!
Trees: Trees down.
Bender: Lookin' good, meatball!
Man #1: Excuse me, sir, you're snowboarding off the trail.
Bender Uh-oh!
Child: Mommy!
Zoidberg: You, a bobsledder? That I'd like to see!
Hermes: Listen, you filthy crab, a thousand years ago there was a legendary team of Jamaican bobsledders.
Fry: Yup, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics then retired to promote alcoholic beverages.
Hermes Nooo!
Fry Ow!
Amy: You poor man. What happened to you?
Man #2: Well, there I was on the triple diamond slope, when suddenly--
Amy Hello, there!
Farnsworth: Wha?
Bender: Ah! Nothing like a warm fire and a Super Soaker of fine cognac.
Fry: Yeah, it really puts you in the Christmas spirit.
Farnsworth: What-mas?
Fry: Christmas. You know? X-M-A-S.
Leela: Oh, you mean Xmas. You must be using an archaic pronunciation. Like when you say "ask" instead of "aks".
Fry Y'know, this'll be my first Xmas away from home.
Leela: Hey, hey. Let me aks you something: Would it cheer you up if we went and cut down an Xmas tree?
Fry: Yeah! An old-fashioned Xmas tree!
Fry: Hey! These aren't Xmas trees!
Farnsworth: Eh, wha?
Fry: They're supposed to be some kinda, you know, pine tree.
Farnsworth Ah! Brisk!
Fry: This isn't the way Christmas is supposed to be.
Farnsworth: There, there.
Fry: Everything's changed.
Leela: That's not true.
Bender: : Xmas tree, oh, Xmas tree! Bah-boo-bee-boo-bah-bee-boh.
Amy: Ow!
Fry This dumb holiday just makes me think of all the things I left behind. Let's just stop talking about Xmas.
Hermes haul for Bender.
Bender: Yes! I got the most! I win Xmas!
Hermes: And last, but not least, the sweet flower of the office: Me. Hermes Conrad.
Bender Ah, a picture of my mommy.
Zoidberg Instead of "Claus" he writes "Claws"! Now that's humorous. Today's comedians could learn from this card.
Fry! What was that about?
Amy: Fluh! She's an orphan.
Farnsworth: Yes, and the only one of her species in all the known universe. What a lonely life.
Fry: My God! Poor Leela.
Bender Oh, man, I gotta work on my act!
Fry: I feel like a rat. Here I am whining like a pig while all along Leela was lonely as a frog. I could kick myself.
Amy: I'll do it for you.
Fry: Ow! Thanks.
Farnsworth: You should be ashamed of yourself, Fry. You'd have to be blind not to notice that Leela's a cyclops.
Hermes: Fry's over there, man.
Farnsworth: Oh?
Bender: Xmas Eve; another pointless day where I accomplish nothing.
Linda: The holiday season is a time of celebration for most. But it is also a time to remember the tragic suffering of the less fortunate.
Morbo: Earthlings do not yet know the meaning of suffering.
Linda Homeless robots, too poor to afford even the basic alcohol they need to fuel their circuits. Is there anything sadder? Only drowning puppies. And there would have to be a lot of them.
Amy: Where are you going, Bender?
Bender: To volunteer at a liquor kitchen for homeless robots.
Hermes: Yeah, right! As if you ever did anything charitable.
Bender: I'm very generous. What about that time I gave blood?
Fry: Whose blood?
Bender: Some guy's.
Fry: I've got to do something to show Leela how sorry I am.
Zoidberg: So what's the problem? Just get down on your claws and do the apology dance.
Fry: So it's left, left, right-- Wait! I have a better idea! I'll go out and get her the perfect Xmas present. Something so great she'll never want to be unhappy again.
Hermes: Just be back by sundown, mon.
Fry: We'll see. I like to haggle.
Amy: You can't stay out on Xmas Eve. You'll be killed!
Fry: Say what?
Farnsworth: Good Lord! He doesn't know about Santa Claus.
Fry: I know about Santa Claus.
Farnsworth: Back in 2801, the Friendly Robot Company built a robotic Santa to determine who'd be naughty and who'd been nice and distribute presents accordingly. But something went wrong.
Fry: Wow! 2801! Anyway...
Farnsworth: Wait, you fool! Due to a programming error, Santa's standards were set too high and he invariably judges everyone to be naughty.
Amy: If he catches you after dark, he'll chop off your head and stuff your neck full of toys from his sack of horrors.
Farnsworth: Nice meeting you.
Preacherbot: Welcome, brother! May the blessings of the season be upon you.
Bender Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah!
Fry: There's this girl who I really like but she thinks I'm a jerk. Can you help me?
Salesman #1: Yeah, there's a suicide booth in the food court. Though there's a line this time of year.
Fry: No, I need to get her a gift. And I need it before sundown.
Salesman #1 A Surface-to-Santa rocket launcher. It comes with three jolly-seeking missiles.
Fry: That's funny!
Salesman #1: Careful, sir!
Bender Hey, chief, someone's stealing your handkerchief full of crap.
Tinny Tim: Excuse me, sir? Might I have a sip of booze?
Preacherbot: I'm sorry, Tinny Tim. Seems we ran out early tonight.
Tinny Tim: I understand.
Bender: My God! That poor kid!
Fry Just give me your best animal.
Salesman #2: Best? Well that's a matter of opinion. I personally like the Electric Snail.
Fry: That's a stupid animal. You're stupid! I said I want the best one. Now which costs more? The parrot or the Stink Lizard?
Salesman #2: The lizards are a buck each, the parrot is $500.
Fry: That's a hell of a good parrot. Although, I could get 500 lizards for the same price. Girls like swarms of lizards, right?
Salesman #2: Sir, the store is closing in two minutes.
Fry! The parrot!
Fry Stupid bird! I know where you live.
Amy: Hey, it's Leela.
Leela: Sorry I stormed out before. I didn't mean to ruin everyone's Xmas.
Farnsworth: Huh? You were gone?
Leela: It's just that I get tired of Fry always only thinking of himself.
Hermes: I hear that! I aks him to set the table, instead he goes out to buy you a present. Selfish dog.
Leela: Wait! You mean he's still out? His life's in danger!
Zoidberg: Why?
Leela: I'm telling you why. Santa Claus is coming to town!
Fry: Alright, bird, you thought you could beat me in a game of wits. But you just met your equal.
Fry: Aha! Cornered!
Leela: Hi, there!
Fry: Leela! Oh, my God! You saved my life. I am gonna get you so many lizards!
Leela: You didn't need to buy me a present, Fry.
Fry: I just wanted to do something to make you happy. I mean, I miss my family but you never even had a family.
Leela: It's OK. You're lonely and I'm lonely. But, together, we're lonely together.
Fry: Merry Xmas, Leela.
Leela: Merry Xmas.
Fry: Oh, boy! It's Santa!
Santa You've been very naughty, Fry and Leela. I checked my list.
Fry: Well check it twice!
Santa: I perform over 50 mega-checks per second. You're both naughty for disregarding each other's feelings.
Leela: But we set things right. Fry even risked his life to get me a present.
Santa: But what about your other co-workers? Did either of you ever stop to think about Dr. Zoidberg's feelings?
Fry: No! I swear!
Santa: Santa has something very special in his sack for you two!
Robots
'Cause Santa Claus comes tonight.
Hattie: Go away!
Bender: Whoa, hold on! How about inviting us in for a traditional glass of hard cider?
Hattie I said that's enough!
Bender: Get her purse!
Fry: Please let us live! We'll put out milk and cookies for you!
Santa bribe Santa? I'm going to shove coal so far up your stocking you'll be coughing up diamonds!
Leela: We're trapped.
Fry: I never thought it would end this way: Gunned down by Santa Claus. Honestly, I didn't see it coming!
Leela: Goodbye, Fry.
Fry Hey, look, we're under the mistletoe.
Santa: Your mistletoe is no match for my T.O.W. missile!
Fry: Uh, you're present may need some assembly.
Bender: On the 4th day of Xmas I stole from that lady.
Robot #1: Four family photos.
Tinny Tim: Three jars of pennies.
Robot #2: Two former husbands.
Bender: And a slipper on a shoe tree.
Raoul: Oh, thank you!
Fry: Help!
Leela: Somebody help us.
Tinny Tim: It's humans. Shall we mug them, robot sir?
Bender: No, wait, I know these guys. They got nothing.
Santa You've been very naughty, Bender.
Bender: What? Me? I didn't do nothing. You're thinking of the kid.
Santa ... an...
Zoidberg: Amy, this is for you. A set of combs for your beautiful hair.
Amy: Oh, that's so sweet. But I sold my hair to a wigmaker so I could buy a set of combs for Hermes.
Hermes: Oh, the irony. I sold my hair so I could buy this third set of combs for Zoidberg.
Zoidberg Finally I look as pretty as I feel!
Fry: Help!
Leela: Help!
Bender: Help!
Farnsworth: Oh, dear. They'll be killed on our doorstep. And there's no trash pickup until January 3rd.
Hermes: Sweet manatee of Galilee! He's on the roof!
Farnsworth Push! Push!
Bender: Use teamwork!
Tinny Tim: Oh, dear! Oh, dear!
Santa: You've all been very naughty, very naughty indeed. Except you, Dr. Zoidberg, this is for you.
Zoidberg: A pogo-stick!
Santa: As for the rest of you, I'm going to tear off your skin like wrapping paper and deck the halls with your guts.
Bender Ow! God! The pain!
Santa: Ho, ho, ho! Time to get jolly on your naughty asses!
Leela: Watch out! His belly is shaking like a bowl full of nitro-glycerine!
Amy: Rudolph's nose!
Fry: He's gonna blow!
Zoidberg: Aha!
Farnsworth: Yes, good thing I got us out of that one!
Bender: Xmas dinner, everyone.
Fry: Uh, Bender? Where did you get that bird?
Bender: I found it lying in the street, like all the food I cook. Dig in, everyone.
Tinny Tim: Thank you, sir.
Bender Oh!
Fry: Look, the food isn't what's important.
Tinny Tim: I'm so hungry.
Fry: The important thing is we're all together for Xmas. And even though I'm surrounded by robots and monsters and old people, I've never felt more at home.
Farnsworth: Hear, hear! Now let's all of us shut up and sing!
Amy: He knows when you are sleeping.
Farnsworth: He knows when you're on the can.
Leela: He'll hunt you down and blast your ass from here to Pakistan.
Zoidberg: Oh.
Hermes: You'd better not breathe, You'd better not move.
Bender: You're better off dead, I'm telling you, dude.
Fry: Santa Claus is gunning you down!
Farnsworth: Merry Xmas, everyone!
Santa: I'll be back. Back when you least expect it: Next Xmas! Ho, ho, ho!
Singer: Call Robo-Rooter when you flush your towel.
Plumber-bot: And we can also help with an impacted bowel.
Singer: Robo-Rooter!
Fry: Mmm. Mmm! Now this is what I call a thousand years of progress: A Bavarian cream dog that's also self-microwaving!
Bender Oh, what is this, the Middle Ages?
Leela: Look at you guys. No offence, Fry, but you've become a fat sack of crap.
Fry: Sack?
Amy: And, Bender, your beer belly's so big your door won't even close. And that doesn't even make sense.
Leela to the gym.
Zoidberg: The gymnasium? Excellent, excellent. For some reason I'm frisky as a squid on Tuesday.
Amy: Hey, who's up for a nice, hot steam?
Zoidberg: We crustaceans don't like steam. I'm going to go work out with the Nautilus!
Nautilus: What up, Dr. Z?
Zoidberg: Yo, yo, yo! Whassup, whassup! Give up the rock!
Fry the future!
Leela steam room.
Fry: Ah, futuristic!
Amy: Psst, look what life was like before genetic engineering.
Leela: Those poor 20th century women.
Amy: Hey, handsome. Is there room in there for two?
Man: You wish!
Fry: Hey, Leela, look who's the super-stud!
Leela: Hmm, somebody must have turned down the gravity. I'll fix it for you.
Zoidberg More weight!
Fry: Hey, Dr. Zoidberg, what's that jazz on your head?
Zoidberg!
Leela weight.
Bender He's coming out--
Randy Is there a doctor in the gym?
Zoidberg a doctor!
Leela: I wonder why Dr. Zoidberg is acting this way. Out of all of us he always seemed the most normal.
Zoidberg Amy, take off these rubber bands and I'll show you how normal I am!
Amy: Fool me seven times, shame on you. Fool me eight or more times, shame on me.
Fry: Maybe he has a parasite.
Hermes a parasite!
Bender: It's always so sad when a friend goes crazy and you have to have a big clam-bake and cook him! Yee-haw!
Farnsworth: Now, now, this won't do. Let me just give old Zoidy a sedative.
Zoidberg: Ah, much better. You can take off these rubber bands now.
Amy: I'll do it.
Leela: Stop!
Fry: No, Amy!
Bender: Moron!
Farnsworth Aha! There's the problem.
Zoidberg: Give it to me straight, Professor. Is it fin rot? It's fin rot, isn't it? Tell me it's not fin rot!
Farnsworth: Relax, my chiton-y chum. There's no problem. You're just heavy with male jelly.
Leela: Bleck!
Farnsworth: It must be mating season for Zoidberg's people; a chaotic time when his behaviour is dictated by the tiny brain in his rump.
Fry: Eck!
Farnsworth: There's only one thing we can do--
Bender: I'll get the water boiling!
Farnsworth.
Fry: Oh, baby, I'm there!
Leela: Fry, do you even understand the word "invertebrate"?
Fry Uh, no need to pack pants, people. Let's roll!
Amy: Dr. Zoidberg said I should hold these while he's gone.
Bender: Moron!
Decapodian Man #1: Welcome home, old friend. Just 19 hours until the mating frenzy!
Zoidberg: Excellent, excellent!
Decapodian Man #1: See you there, Doctor--
Fry: Is that how you say "Zoidberg"?
Zoidberg: You didn't have to call attention to his speech impediment.
Bender: You're looking less nuts, crabby.
Zoidberg If you catch my drift.
Fry: Who's the lucky lobsterina?
Zoidberg: I don't know yet. But I shall attract one this afternoon with an erotic display.
Leela: It's amazing that your people can fall in love so fast.
Zoidberg: Love? That word is unknown here. I'm simply looking for a female swollen with eggs to accept my genetic material.
Fry: You and me both, brother!
Zoidberg: Ah, my old scuttling grounds! Let's pull over.
Zoidberg Who's the tough guy now, Vinnie?
Bender: Look! Outdoor theatre! Let's get tickets. Oh, let's do!
Zoidberg They don't!
Fry: I didn't come here to see any activity involving two guys. Where do you people do your erotic display?
Zoidberg: Same place as your species: The beach.
Zoidberg: How do I look?
Bender: Like whale barf.
Zoidberg: Then the illusion is complete.
Fry: Hey, I wonder if these guys are here to watch the erotic display too.
Decapodian Man #2: Aw, yeah! Aw, wow!
Zoidberg Craw!
Fry: Look how ridiculous they look.
Bender: Please, he's no different from the rest of you organisms; shooting DNA at each other make babies. I find it offensive.
Zoidberg: Craw!
Decapodian Woman #1: Keep your jelly away from my eggs!
Zoidberg?
Decapodian Woman #2: So not interested.
Zoidberg: Craw!
Decapodian Woman #3: Humph. I've heard that line before!
Zoidberg: Cra-- Oh, what's the point?
Leela: Why is Zoidberg the only one still alone?
Bender: 'Cause he's a loser, that's why. He's the lobster equivalent of Fry.
Fry: Hey! I can get any girl I want anytime I want. I'm just too busy.
Zoidberg You used to laugh at me because my face was covered with barnacles!
Edna: Zoidberg? Well I didn't know you were back in town. I heard you went off and became a rich doctor.
Zoidberg: I've performed a few mercy killings. So, as long as I'm in town I was wondering if maybe ... craw?
Edna with male jelly. Maybe a rock star.
Zoidberg: Or maybe a doctor?
Edna: I'm sorry, Zoidberg. You're just an inferior male specimen. Nice seeing you again.
Zoidberg: No one will ever want to mate with me, not with a puny claw like this. Did you see those other guys? They looked like giant claws with bodies attached.
Leela: At least you didn't smell as bad as them.
Zoidberg: You're right, my stink gland is weak. Smell!
Fry "I've never been so happy."
Leela know it. Wait a second. They've all been doing that to me. Even Sean!
Zoidberg: Hmm, this "love" intrigues me. Teach me to fake it.
Fry: OK, you're on a date. What's the first thing you do?
Zoidberg: Ask her to mate with me.
Fry: No. Tell her she's special.
Zoidberg: But she's not. She's merely the female with the largest clutch of eggs.
Fry: Well, tell her that. And then?
Zoidberg: Then mating.
Fry Yes?
Zoidberg: Is "desire to mate" a feeling?
Fry: You're not even trying!
Zoidberg: It's all so complicated with the flowers and the romance and the lies upon lies.
Fry will take you under his wing.
Zoidberg: What? Now there's a bird involved?
Fry: OK, go ahead.
Edna: What the-- Dr. Zoidberg, your mating display failed. Why are you trying to talk to me?
Zoidberg: I have no idea.
Fry: You just wanna talk, it has nothing to do with mating.
Zoidberg Fry, that doesn't make sense.
Edna: Dr. Zoidberg, that doesn't make sense. But OK.
Fry: Start with a compliment. Tell her she looks thin.
Zoidberg: You seem malnourished. Are you suffering from internal parasites?
Edna: Why, yes. Thanks for noticing.
Fry: Now ask her how her day was.
Zoidberg: Why would I wanna know?
Fry: You wouldn't. Ask anyway.
Zoidberg: How was your day?
Edna: Well first I got up and had a piece of toast. Then I brushed my teeth. Then I went to the store to buy some fish. Then...
Zoidberg: Fry, look what you did, she won't shut up.
Fry: That's normal. Just nod your head and say "Uh-huh".
Zoidberg: Uh-huh, uh-huh.
Edna You even stink more.
Zoidberg: Do I ask her to mate now?
Fry: Third date!
Bender: So I returned his artificial heart and ever since then I've been known by the name of Honest Bender.
Zoidberg: I'd like to propose a toast to ... coat check number 84.
Fry: Turn it over.
Zoidberg Of all the slimy, gross crab monsters on this planet, you are apparently the hottest.
Bender: Oy.
Fry: That's the most beautiful thing I've ever heard.
Edna: Yes, well ... excuse me, I've got to powder my mouth flaps.
Leela: Uh, me too.
Zoidberg: I'm confused, Fry. I'm feeling a strange new emotion. Is it love when you care about a female for reasons beyond mating?
Fry: Nope. Must be some weird alien emotion.
Leela: Zoidberg said some dumb stuff but he's a nice guy, really. It's just that Fry's been telling him what to say and Fry's a ... do you have idiots on your planet?
Edna: Fry? You mean words of such beauty came from the blowhole of that hideous alien?
Leela, honey.
Edna: Hmm.
Edna: Come in.
Edna: Hello, Fry. Can I interest you in some surf and turf?
Fry: No thanks. I just came to tell you that Zoidberg's really great. He's got male jelly coming out the wazoo.
Edna I know Zoidberg's magical words were really yours. Teach me to love you, squishy poet from beyond the stars!
Fry: Uh, I'm flattered, really. If I was gonna do it with a big, freaky mud bug you'd be way up the list!
Edna: Hush, you romantic fool! Engage your mandibles and kiss me!
Zoidberg Fry!
Fry: Dr. Zoidberg, it's not how it looks.
Zoidberg!
Fry: But--
Edna: Oh, it's true, Zoidberg. We can't hide it any longer. Fry and I have fallen in love and we're going to mate tomorrow.
Fry?
Zoidberg I challenge you to Claw-Plach!
Fry: English, please?
Zoidberg: A fight to the death.
Edna: And if you survive, we'll make sweet love!
Decapodian Emperor: The law is clear. Fry and Zoidberg shall fight to the death for the claw of the beautiful Edna.
Fry: But I don't want her!
Decapodian Emperor: Once invoked, the sacred tradition of Claw-Plach can not be taken back. It is a recent tradition, only 18 years old, but it is a tradition none the less.
Zoidberg: Get ready, Fry. I'm going to rip your swim bladder out and show it to you.
Leela: Dr. Zoidberg, this is madness. You're being irrational.
Zoidberg: Of course I'm being irrational! I'm in love!
Leela: Aww.
Fry: Leela!
Leela You have to stop this madness.
Decapodian Emperor.
Bender Takin' all bets! I'm giving 9-2 on Zoidberg, the crab with the jab! The Great Red Hope! Come on, baby!
Zoidberg: Fry, it's been years since medical school so remind me. Disembowelling in your species: Fatal or non-fatal?
Fry: Fatal.
Zoidberg: Large bet on myself in round one!
Decapodian Emperor: Edna, have you anything to say before begins the Claw-Plach?
Edna: I do. I just want to say that today I got up and I had a piece of toast. Then I brushed my teeth--
Fry: Shut up!
Edna: I love you, Fry!
Decapodian Emperor And you, doctor?
Zoidberg: I choose my own claws! I want the tactile pleasure of chopping him right here in the gonads!
Fry: Shh! Nobody correct him!
Bender: Fry, I've never asked you for anything before but, if it's not too much trouble, when it comes to the ninth round just let him win.
Fry: But it's a fight to the death!
Bender: Oh, so this is suddenly all about you. Sheesh!
Decapodian Emperor: Please rise for the national anthem.
Fry: Uh-oh.
Decapodian Emperor: Let Claw-Plach begin!
Fry: Hey!
Bender: Ow!
Leela: Come on, Fry! Die with dignity!
Fry Oops!
Edna: Nooo! I can't stand to look.
Zoidberg: Huh?
Bender: Psst, Fry. Take a dive.
Crowd Claw-Plach! Claw-Plach!
Fry You bastard! I'll kill you! You bastard!
Leela: Wait! Stop! Everyone is gone.
Zoidberg: Edna? Honey?
Zoidberg: Edna?
Leela: Ew!
Bender: Oh, my God!
Zoidberg Oh, the greatest experience in life and I missed it.
Fry: Aw. I'm sorry, Doc.
Fry: Ow, ow! Ah!
Zoidberg: The frenzy is over. How will I ever get rid of my male jelly now?
Fry: I'll lend you this.
Leela: Fry!
Fry: Hey, hey.
Bender: Shoo! Get away! Hey! What's with the flying jerks?
Zoidberg: They come to feast after the frenzy. Once my species passes on its genes, it dies.
Fry: You mean you have to choose between a life without sex and a gruesome death?
Zoidberg: Yes.
Fry: Tough call.
Zoidberg: Well it was nice of you to let me reattach your arm, Fry, especially after I made a complete eel out of myself.
Fry: No biggie.
Zoidberg There! I pronounce the operation a success.
Leela: Hooray!
Bender: Yeah!
Fry: Yeah!
Zoidberg: I may not know from emotions but when it comes to medicine, forget about it.
Fry: I don't mean to nitpick, super-doc, but do you think maybe you could take one more whack at this?
Zoidberg: For you, my friend, anything.
Fry: My legs!
Zoidberg: Alright, alright, third time's the charm.
Announcer ... Arachno Spores! The fatal spore, with the funny name!
Announcer #1 is real. The people you see are not actors. Most of them aren't even people.
Centipede man: C'mon, man, I didn't fire off no laser.
Smitty: Then why is there a smoking hole in your ceiling, sir?
Centipede man: What? Crazy upstairs lady must've been shooting down.
URL: Sir, you're on the top floor of this particular domicile.
Centipede woman: You get that camera out of my house!
Smitty Sir, sir, put down the lamp.
Centipede man: OK. OK, I'm co-operating.
Smitty: That's it. Now put up your hands.
URL: Nice and slow. Aw, yeah!
Smitty: And while you're at it, unblur your face.
Centipede man: Aw, man.
Leela: Hey, Bender, I thought you said you were in this episode.
Bender 'cause of what I did in the coffee pot.
Centipede man: I'm sorry, I'm really sorry. I'm just going through some things.
URL: I'm goin' in!
Announcer #1 will return, after these messages.
Announcer #2: Is today's hectic lifestyle making you tense and impatient?
Bender: Shut up and get to the point!
Announcer #2 ... where Old New York comes alive.
Woman: It's like stepping back stepping back into the year 2000!
Cowboy: Time for the mammoth hunt, dudes!
Einstein: Let's disco dance, Hammurabi!
Hammurabi Actor: Dy-no-mite!
Announcer #2: Located on the former site of Brooklyn.
Leela: Sounds like your kinda place, Fry. Wanna go?
Fry: Nah. If I ever wanna go back to the year 2000 I'll just freeze myself again.
Bender: C'mon, Fry, I really wanna see it. You know how I yearn for a simpler time. A time of barn dances and buggy rides, before life was cheapened by heartless hi-tech machines.
Leela: But, Bender, you are--
Bender: Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah...
Fry: Cool, it's just like the good old days!
Mugger: Give me your wallet or I'll cut you!
Fry: Hey, Leela, get a picture of me being "mugged".
Mugger: I'll take the camera too.
Bender: Learning is fun.
Leela: Ooh, ancient Wall Street.
Stockbroker #1: No!
Stockbroker #2: I'm ruined!
Tour Guide: I direct your attention to this ancient and mysterious tablet which has yet to be deciphered.
Leela: Do you know what it means?
Fry: Yeah, I asked a cop once. It means "Up yours, kid".
Bender: I gotta say I'm really enjoying the day out with you people. Hey, a suicide booth! So long, suckers.
Fry: Uh, sorry, Bender, that's just a phone booth.
Bender: Oh.
Leela: What were they used for?
Fry: In New York? Bathrooms.
Leela: Oh. I-I'll be out in a sec.
Leela How does this work?
Fry Whup.
Bender: Oh, it's a turnstile.
Leela Another bathroom?
Fry: No, it's a mobile apartment with no rent.
Bender: C'mon, Fry. Get up!
Leela: Wow! The burial chamber of the 20th century's greatest spiritual leader, Al Sharpton.
Bender: Ooh. Now this guy had taste!
Leela: It says he was mummified in ceremonial vestments.
Fry: We sometimes called it a jogging suit.
Narrator: The traffic jams of Old New York were a public forum of free interchange of opinions.
Motorist #1: Move it, crap for brains!
Motorist #2: Bug off!
Motorist #3: Get home, bastard man!
Narrator ... which was powered by a tank of burning fossils. Here we see a 20th century assembly line where cars were constructed by primitive robots.
Robots: Ooga! Ooga! Ooga! Ooga! Ooga! Ooga...
Bender: We've come a long way, baby!
Narrator ... the stately 1992 Latoura.
Fry: Hey, my girlfriend had one of those. Actually it wasn't hers, it was her dad's. Actually she wasn't my girlfriend, she just lived next door and never closed her curtains.
Leela: Fry, remember when I told you about always ending your stories a sentence earlier?
Fry: C'mon, let's sneak in for a closer look.
Man I'm sorry. You work here. I should have realised from that ridiculous getup you're wearing.
Fry: Hey! This is from Miller's Outpo-- Uh, I mean, yeah, I work here alright!
Man: Here, move this rust bucket outside behind St. Koch's Cathedral.
Leela: Did you drive much in the 20th century, Fry?
Fry Nice! Listen to that baby purr.
Bender: There's a baby in there, huh?
Fry: It's just like riding a bicyc--
Bender: I think I got whiplash.
Leela: You can't have whiplash, you don't have a neck.
Bender whiplash.
Fry: I'm just glad we hit something. I thought we'd never stop.
Bending Unit: Ow! I think I got whiplash.
Fry: How's that robot I ran over?
Farnsworth: We did all we could.
Fry: You mean he's--
Farnsworth: Good as new? Yes!
Farnsworth: Leela, Zoidberg, the rest of you, this is Flexo.
Hermes: Sweet llamas of the Bahamas! Except for that stylish beard, he looks just like Bender!
Flexo: No duh, dreadlock, we're both bending units.
Bender: Hey, brobot, what's you serial number?
Flexo: 3370318.
Bender: No way! Mine's 2716057!
Fry: I don't get it.
Bender: We're both expressible as the sum of two cubes.
Fry: So, uh, Flexo. Sorry about crushing your body like that. You OK now?
Flexo Nah, you're great.
Fry: Well just let me know if there's anything I can do to make it up to you.
Flexo: Actually, your little stunt did a number on my back. You mind rubbin' it for me?
Fry: Uh ... sure.
Flexo: Aw, yeah, that's it. Little lower.
Fry: How's that?
Flexo Yeah that's gettin' it. A little lower though.
Fry: Uh, I can't get any lower than this.
Flexo: I'll say, you're rubbing my ass!
Robot #1: Hey, check it out here. Six beautiful devices. They know what you like and they'll do it to within a tolerance of one micron!
Robot #2: Yeah! Spin those fans, baby!
Robot #3: Alright, mama!
Robot #4: Gyrate, baby!
Fry: I don't like this place. It's 120 degrees and there's very little oxygen.
Bender Hubba-hubba, she is built -- in Mexico, I believe.
Flexo: And that ain't silicon, it's tungsten. And plenty of it!
Fry: Uh, yeah. Look at that exhaust fan.
Flexo: Ew!
Bender: Pervert.
Flexo: Yoo-hoo!
Stripperbot: Thanks, moderate spender. Please select erotic transaction.
Flexo: Yeah, how 'bout a lap dance for my pal here?
Fry Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow!
Fry: I'm telling you, there's something about Flexo I don't like.
Flexo Get it? It's chlorine!
Zoidberg: It's funny because it's poisonous!
Fry: Yeah, keep laughing, brine shrimp, but he's bad news. I regret ever running him over.
Hermes: Take a rage dump, man. He's no worse than Bender.
Fry: He's much worse. He drinks and smokes and he posts naked pictures of me on the Internet.
Amy: That's Bender, alright.
Fry: I'm talking about Flexo.
Leela: Oh, I get it. This is cute. You're jealous of Bender's new friend!
Fry: No, I'm not. Mark my words: Flexo's evil. He's the evil Bender.
Hermes!
Farnsworth: Good news, everyone. Report to my bedroom for a private exhibition.
Farnsworth!
Leela: It's beautiful.
Amy: And huge.
Fry: Can I touch it?
Zoidberg: So what is it, already?
Farnsworth: It's a single atom of jumbonium, an element so rare the nucleus alone is worth more than $50,000.
Bender: How much more?
Farnsworth: 100,000. That's why I hid it here, under my mattress.
Leela: Uh, Professor, can we discuss this somewhere else?
Farnsworth: Why certainly.
Farnsworth Your job is to deliver it, safe and sound.
Amy: Wow! When I was a little girl on Mars I dreamed of being Miss Universe.
Leela: That's kinda pathetic.
Amy: Aw, come on, Leela. Deep down all girls wanna be Miss Universe.
Leela: Not me.
Amy: Really? Maybe it's just cute girls.
Farnsworth: Due to the atoms tremendous value, Planet Express would go bankrupt if it was stolen. Therefore we'll need to hire on additional security for the mission.
Flexo: Oh, oh, oh, oh! Mr. Professor, right here!
Fry: Uh, maybe we should stick with people we know and trust. I mean, Flexo's great, but--
Farnsworth Welcome aboard, lad.
Leela: Space bandidos have been operating in this quadrant so you'll each take 8-hour shifts guarding the safe. First Bender, then Flexo, then Fry.
Fry: Wait, hold on. I don't like the sound of that. Let's just go alphabetically.
Leela: OK. First Bender, then Flexo, then Fry.
Fry: Wait, let's go by rank.
Leela: OK. First Bender, then Flexo, then Fry.
Fry: Flexo outranks me?
Flexo: That's "Flexo outranks me, sir"!
Bender: Halt. Who goes there?
Fry: Don't point that at me.
Bender: "Fry" who?
Fry: Look, I know Flexo's your friend but I don't trust him alone with the atom.
Bender: My God, Fry! Just 'cause the guy's got a beard you label him as evil? Well I got a label for you, pal: An ugly little word called "prejudice".
Fry: I'm not prejudiced.
Bender: Ah, save it for the cross-burning, Adolf!
Flexo: Keeping an eye on the safe?
Bender: You know it!
Flexo: Well, looks like it's my shift. You lie down and go offline for a while.
Bender: Alright.
Fry I saw you looking at the atom!
Flexo: So? I look at lots of atoms. Shouldn't you be resting up for your shift?
Fry: Oh-ho, you'd like it if I went to sleep, wouldn't you?
Flexo Nah, I'm just kidding, you're a joker.
Fry: Yeah, well here's a funny joke: I'm gonna sit right here till it's my shift.
Flexo: Suit yourself, skinbag.
Fry: That I will.
Flexo: Good.
Fry: Good.
Flexo: Good.
Fry: Good.
Flexo: Good.
Fry Good.
Fry: Well, that's eight hours.
Flexo Nah, I'm kidding, you're a wonderful man.
Fry: Finally, the atom is safe.
Leela My God! Did you hear maracas?
Fry: No.
Leela Bender, lock down the ship. Don't let Flexo escape.
Bender: Aye aye, Captain. It appears that Flexo has outwitted us all. Especially me ... Bender.
Leela: How could Flexo have stolen the atom?
Fry: He must have used a sleep-ray on me. Sleep-rays exist in the future, right?
Leela: No.
Fry: Oh. Then I must've fallen asleep.
Leela: Well you were sure right about Flexo being evil.
Bender: I locked down the exits but he may have already gotten away.
Leela: OK, thanks, Bender. Let's fan out and look for him.
Bender: Roger that, I got a map of the ship right here.
Leela: Keep an eye on Fry. We can't rule out the possibility that he did it.
Leela: Aha!
Fry Uh, searching ... hmm.
Leela: Fry? Why are you looking for Flexo in my underpants drawer?
Fry: I didn't find him here 10 minutes ago so I thought it was time to check again.
Bender: Well, he wasn't in the, uh, kitchen room.
Fry: Say, Bender, can I hold that map for a second?
Bender: And leave me high and dry in case of a scavenger hunt? I think not.
Fry: Give it up!
Bender: Alright, take it. Sheesh!
Leela: Well, looks like Flexo got away clean.
Bender: It's a darn shame.
Leela: He must have jumped ship with the atom the second we landed.
Fry Wait a minute. You're Bender.
Bender: Of course, who said I wasn't?
Fry: But why were you wearing that scarf and the turtleneck and this fruity number?
Bender: It's a little thing called "style". Look it up sometime.
Barker And our tenth and final finalist, Miss Earth's Moon, The Crushinator.
Crushinator: Thank you, Bob Barker. I'm as happy as a girl can be. End statement.
Barker: Which one of these lovely womanoids will take home the atomic tiara?
Leela: Downplay the tiara.
Barker: Uh, we'll find out after these subliminal messages.
Barker: So you lost the atom, huh? You're garbage, human garbage! Do you brain-dead space jockeys have any idea how much that thing is worth?
Fry: 100,000?
Leela: 200,000?
Bender: 200,001?
Barker: You're closest without going over.
Fry: Well, uh, we'll be leaving now. If you'll just sign this form saying you received the atom.
Barker: I'm not signing squat. You find me that damn tiara before the pageant ends.
Leela: But, Mr. Barker--
Barker: Enough out of you. I may be against the fur industry, but that won't stop me from skinning you alive! As long as no one wears the skin.
Leela.
Fry: Flexo!
Leela: Get him!
Barker: Next up in what is generously called the "Talent Competition", performing a traditional gangsta rap, Miss-- What the--
Bender: Gotcha!
Women: Fight! Fight! Fight! Fight! Fight!
Bender: Shoot him, he's choking me!
Flexo: No shoot him, he's choking me!
Leela: I don't know which one to shoot.
Fry: Flexo! Shoot Flexo!
Amazonian: Women-only room!
Leela There's the atom!
Bender: Aw, jeez.
Fry: Bender? You stole the atom?
Bender: Yeah, but I can explain, it's very valuable.
Flexo: I saw him snatch it while Fry was asleep. That's why I ran to tell Bob Barker.
Fry! Well not that shocked.
Leela: I'm sorry we suspected you, Flexo. It's just, what with the beard and all--
Flexo Nah, I'm just kidding, you guys are alright.
Fry: I'm so confused. The Bender I liked turn out to be evil and the Bender I hated was good. How can I live my life when I can't tell good from evil?
Bender: Eh, they're both fine choices. Whatever floats your boat.
URL: Is this the guy?
Barker: Huh? Oh, yeah, that looks like him. Whatever.
Flexo: Wait, but I--
Barker: Take him away.
Barker: Alright, let's put an end to this pathetic hoedown. Brannigan, read the thing.
Zapp: And the winner is...
Leela: It figures. Who else but Zapp Brannigan would be judging the most chauvinistic, degrading, dehumanising--
Zapp: Huh? Leela?
Leela I feel like a princess!
Zapp There it is, Miss Universe. There it is, looking weird.
Leela: I almost had that tiara.
Bender: Me too.
Fry: Well, you guys might both be losers but I just made out with that radiator woman from the radiator planet.
Leela: Fry, that's a radiator.
Fry Is there a burn ward within 10 feet of here?
Lincoln: Four score and 1145 years ago our forefathers' foreheads conceived a new nation.
Washington: And this Presidents' Day we honoureth those values that my body fought and died for.
Malfunctioning Eddie these cars away!
Amy: Hey, let's go car shopping! My parents promised if I got all B's they'd buy me a bar, and I got all C's!
Bender The recall notice says it could burst into flames in a low-speed collision.
Fry: No wonder you've been staying at the back of conga lines lately.
Leela: I'll get my coat. Let's go, Bender.
Victor: Hello, I am Victor and I know many things about the art of unloading fine cars on beautiful women.
Leela: Uh-huh. Now tell us she's witty and sophisticated.
Victor This is the Beta Romeo. Yes, the Beta Romeo. Note the cross-your-heart seat belt which protects, lifts and separates.
Thundercougarfalconbird salesman: Spotted her the minute you walked in, didn't you, sir? She's a real beauty.
Fry: Yup, she's beautiful coffee alright.
Salesman Nothing makes you feel more like a man than a Thundercougarfalconbird. So how much were you thinking of spending on this Thundercougarfalconbird?
Fry: Sorry, I'm not here to buy.
Salesman: I understand, and it's wonderful you don't care whether anyone questions your sexual orientation.
Fry: I care! I care plenty! I just don't know how to make them stop!
Salesman: One word: Thundercougarfalconbird!
Victor: The luxurious seats are stuffed with eagle down and the dashboard inlaid with the beaks of a thousand eagles. Also, there are some eagles under the floorboards.
Amy: That's an awful lot of eagle.
Victor: Yes, and yet--
Amy: What's wrong?
Victor: It is just ... the luxury edition has so much more eagle. It saddens me to think of you missing out.
Amy: Oh, don't be sad. My parents are paying and they're incredibly rich.
Mechanic: I installed shock-absorbing bumpers to reduce the risk of catastrophic butt failure.
Bender: You, sir, have defaced a national treasure! I demand you restore my buttocks to their former glory.
Mechanic: Alright. But sooner or later that ass is gonna blow, and when it does, I just pray you're not moonin' someone you care about.
Amy woman like me needs. Victor said so.
Victor: No dog food for Victor tonight.
Leela: OK, the sticker says 55,000, but we'll only go as high as, say--
Amy: 60,000!
Victor: Oh, I will have to ask my manager.
Leela from the sticker price.
Amy: I thought it was an auction.
Victor: He is not too happy.
Amy: I'm sorry. 80,000?
Amy: Uh-oh. I'm terrible at parallel parking.
Hermes You're bogarting my patience.
Leela: Hermes, who were you yelling at?
Hermes: Myself. I asked myself a Valentine's Day off, but I was in no mood for any of my shenanigans.
Fry: Valentine's Day's coming? Oh, crap! I forgot to get a girlfriend again. Well, since neither of us has a date, why don't we...?
Leela: You just assume I can't get a Valentine's date?
Fry: Shall we say eight o'clock?
Amy: Hey, I'm taking my new car out for a spin to Mercury. Anybody wanna come?
Fry: Yeah, OK. What's the weather like?
Amy: The usual: Boiling lead, oceans of lava.
Fry: So, what? Shorts?
Fry Boy, this heater is incredible! I'd better turn up the A.C. some more.
Amy: Hey, how about some icy margaritas?
Fry We're slowing down!
Amy: Don't worry. I'll hit the fuel guzzler!
Fry Uh-oh!
Amy: It's OK, I have an emergency phone.
Fry: What are you doing?
Amy Hello? Septuple-A?
Fry: Phew!
Amy. Oh, I'm gonna get sweat on my sweat-suit.
Fry: Hey, tell me something: You've got all this money, how come you always dress like you're doing your laundry?
Amy As though!
Fry: I've been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the Pope?
Amy You know, Fry, it's nice to find someone I can talk to about stuff, and junk.
Fry: Yeah, it's like we feel the same way about junk and stuff, or, whatever.
Amy: So while they're towin' us, you wanna do it?
Fry: Yeah.
Hermes: Which concludes the summary of the movie I saw last night. Now, any old business?
All: No.
Hermes: Any new business?
All: No.
Hermes: Anyone spend the night together?
Amy: Yep.
Fry: Kind of.
Bender: What?
Hermes: Oh, my God!
Amy: We ran out of fuel on Mercury and one thing led to another.
Fry: And it led there again when we got home.
Bender: Congratulations, Fry, you snagged the perfect girlfriend. Amy's rich, she's probably got other characteristics.
Leela: Bender! Romance isn't about money.
Bender miserably lonely? Puh-lease!
Leela: For your information, it's because he's hideous.
Hermes: Well I think Amy and Fry go together like a lime and coconut.
Farnsworth: Do I hear wedding bells?
Fry: What? No!
Farnsworth: Really? Oh, dear.
Zoidberg: You're both very lucky. I'd pay anything to end my miserable loneliness. If only I weren't so desperately poor.
Bender: Wait. You mean people will pay good money for romance? Hmm. I think I have a scheme so deviously clever that I--
Judge: $500 and time served.
Bender Well, pay the man!
Hookerbot: Bender, honey, we love you!
Bender: Shut up, baby, I know it!
Bender: Ah, computer dating. It's like pimping but you rarely have to use the phrase "upside your head".
Leela: Bender, this is stupid. Why would anyone come to you for romantic help?
Bender: Hey! Don't make me go upside your head!
Hermes: Fry! Amy! Put your pants back on! I need a stapler.
Zoidberg: Stop! Stop! If you interrupt the mating dance the male will become enraged and maul us with his fearsome gonad.
Fry Wait, why aren't we making out?
Amy: I 'unno.
Bender: OK, Mister...?
Zapp: Uh, Smith! Zapp Smith. Uh, Brannigan.
Bender: Just check off the things you're looking for in a love partner.
Zapp Mmm, I'll just have everything on the menu.
Bender Say hello to Miss Right!
Zapp: Hello!
Fry: Wow! We're great kissers!
Amy: Yeah! Hey, later, you wanna drive out to Europa? We could have a picnic and spit watermelon seeds at Jupiter.
Fry: Hey, yeah! I used to spit at stuff back in the 20th century. Ah, it's cool how we sort of think exactly alike, and junk.
Amy: Yeah. Y'know, Fry, I really like hanging out with you.
Fry? She's getting way too serious. I'm not a one woman man, Leela.
Leela: You'll be back to zero soon enough.
Fry: Don't you get it? She's smothering me.
Amy: Hi.
Fry? Now she's bothering me when I'm at work.
Leela: Fry--
Fry: I'm doing my job, there's Amy; I spend a few hours selecting a candy from the machine, there's Amy; I wake up the morning after sleeping with Amy, there's Amy!
Leela: I think you're over reacting.
Fry money.
Leela: Fry, she's pulling down billionaire trust-fund money.
Fry: Then she wants me as a trophy husband. Leela, you gotta come to Europa with us. I can't be alone with her.
Amy: So, ready for a secluded picnic with just you and me?
Fry Uh, Dr. Zoidberg.
Zoidberg: Did someone say something about a free hot meal?
Zoidberg All gone! Can I drive?
Amy: No. So, Fry, you busy tomorrow? I got two tickets to the big ape fight.
Fry: Jeez, we're already planning to spend Valentine's Day together. Isn't that enough?
Amy: OK, sure. What do you wanna do for Valentine's Day?
Fry: Oh, so all of a sudden we're spending Valentine's Day together?
Amy: But you just said--
Fry: That's it, Amy, we have to talk. Zoidberg, you drive.
Zoidberg: Wahoo!
Fry: Pardon me, excuse me.
Zoidberg: Ah, I'll just turn the wheel to maximum fastness!
Fry: Amy, you know how at first you like chocolate but then you start to get tired of it because it always wants to hang out with you?
Amy: Huh? You don't like chocolate?
Fry: Look, could chocolate just let me finish?
Zoidberg: Vroom, vroom! And the winner of the big car race is ... Hot Rod Zoidberg!
Fry: Amy, what I'm trying to say is, I think maybe you and I should stop--
Zoidberg: Uh-oh. Here, you drive!
Zoidberg: Fry? Are you alright?
Fry: Ow! My head is killing me. What happened? Was anybody hurt?
Zoidberg: No, no, no, no, no, of course not. Nobody but you. I'm afraid your body was badly damaged in the crash.
Fry: How badly?
Zoidberg Don't worry, I managed to keep your head alive with some quick surgery.
Fry: Where is it?
Zoidberg: There.
Amy: Looks like we'll be spending a lot more time together, Fry!
Leela: This sort of thing always happens with office romances.
Zoidberg Upsy daisy!
Fry: Well, Amy, I'll try not to interfere with your life too much.
Amy: Fry!
Fry: Ooh, sorry. I guess I control that arm.
Amy: So, what was it you wanted to talk about before we crashed anyway?
Fry I'll meet you in the closet.
Fry: Amy, I really like you, as a friend. But I think we're spending too much time together.
Amy: You're breaking up with me?
Fry: I just think we should start seeing other people.
Amy If that's how you feel.
Fry: I'm sorry, but it is.
Amy: Well, whatever. Hey, listen, as long as we're not seeing each other, you mind if I ask someone else out for Valentine's Day?
Fry: Huh?
Amy: I mean, unless it would make you feel bad, being a third wheel.
Fry: Hey, I can get a date too. Now that I'm single, I'll attract all sorts of women!
Amy: With my body I think you might only attract one sort of woman.
Fry Oh!
Leela: So, how's business?
Bender: Are you familiar with my friend Al Gore? I'm tellin' you, losers get really desperate around Valentine's Day.
Leela How much?
Bender: 500 bucks.
Leela: Done.
Bender: Zapp Brannigan OK?
Leela: No!
Bender: 600.
Fry In private?
Amy: Oh, no problem.
Fry: This is an emergency. Amy made Valentine's plans with some goon and I'm gonna be stuck there, lonely and miserable. Will you be my date, please?
Leela: You're too late, Fry. I'm sharing Valentine's Day with a very special man. He's not Zapp Brannigan or anything!
Fry: Then I have no choice but to do something so pitiful and embarrassing that I'm ashamed to tell you about it.
Leela: Bender's in his office.
Fry: Thanks.
Bender: I got your hook-up, Fry. Now, my usual fee's 500 bucks, but seeing as how it's you, I'll need it in advance.
Amy: OK, Fry, we're done putting on the bra.
Fry: Why exactly did you shave your legs anyway? Are you expecting something to happen with your Valentine's date?
Amy: What business is it of yours?
Fry: And another thing: You're using an awful lot of make-up there.
Amy: This is deodorant.
Fry: What does it do?
Amy: C'mon in, Gary! I'll just be another 20 minutes.
Gary: I'll be waiting.
Fry: 20 minutes? You're practically ready now!
Amy: Yeah, but it's good to make them wait a little.
Fry: Oh, God, it's true!
Gary: That dress looks great on you.
Amy: Thanks.
Fry she?
Gary: I must say, Amy, you're all made up, just like Fry's date. Get it?
Amy: Mm-mm.
Fry: I've got a date. She'll be along any minute.
Bender: Fry, look who I found! It's Petunia, your dream girl!
Petunia: How's them eats?
Fry: Uh--
Petunia Kids'll be hungry.
Fry: She seems a little old for me.
Bender: She is well-travelled. And I don't mean she travels a lot!
Petunia: Wheels fell off my house.
Bender: Now how about a rose for the lady? Five bucks a pop!
Gary: I'll take one.
Fry: Oh, yeah? Well I want one too.
Bender: Eight bucks.
Fry: But you just said--
Bender: Demand suddenly skyrocketed. You all saw it!
Bender: Leela, meet your future husband Sal.
Sal: Nice eyeball, eyeball.
Leela: Nice ass, ass.
Bender Buy her a rose, I guarantee she'll put out!
Sal: Eh, I'll take my chances.
Zapp: Cheers!
"Woman": Cheers!
Petunia: So tell me about your prospects. You a good gambler?
Fry: Well, ma'am, I--
Petunia: What's your game? Bingo? Keno? Wait a minute! You don't have your own body.
Fry: No, but I control this arm.
Petunia: Slots player, huh? Sorry, but I think I can do better.
Fry: Wait, come back, uh, darling.
Petunia: Can't, hon', I gotta catch my bus back to Nutley. I'd kiss you goodnight but I lost my teeth pulling out a stump.
Sal: So anyways, Leela, I'd love to take a whack at ya but that 10:15 to Nutley ain't goin' nowheres without yours truly behinds the wheel.
Petunia: Excuse me, did you say "10:15 to Nutley"?
Sal: Why, yes I dids.
Leela: Bender! Did you just round up our dates at the bus station?
Bender: Of course not.
Sal: Anybodys else for Nutley?
Zapp: Baby, wait! You didn't show me your surprise.
Gary: You know what I'd like to do...?
Fry: Oh, jeez, get a room!
Gary: Maybe later.
Fry: Hey, I have an idea: Let's all go out for ice cream.
Gary: Actually, I thought Amy might like to come back to my place for coffee.
Amy: I don't really like coffee.
Gary: Neither do I.
Amy: Ooh, I feel a little tipsy!
Gary: Let me pick up the check.
Fry Ooh! Ow!
Leela: Why, if it isn't my favourite head on Amy's body: Fry.
Fry: Oh, Leela!
Amy: We were just on our way out.
Leela: Nonsense, the evening's young. So, Gary, what do you do for a living?
Gary: I'm a banking industry regulator.
Leela: Really? Y'know, I heard that banking industry regulations are really very simple.
Gary: Oh, no, that's not true. You see, modern banking regulations are a product of five different regulatory traditions. Six if you wanna get technical.
Leela: Oh, I do.
Gary: It all began in 1410 when a number of noblemen convened...
Fry: Thank you.
Zoidberg: There you are, good as new. Except for your dorsal fin. I'm afraid I couldn't find it after the crash.
Fry: Can I live without it?
Zoidberg: If you call that living.
Farnsworth But I guess we're just two different people.
Fry: So, uh, thanks for the ride, Amy. And I hope there are no hard feelings about your date, or stuff.
Amy: It's OK, I had fun. And if I ever feel lonely I can just look over at this disfiguring scar and think of you.
Fry: Well, anyway, it's nice to have my own body back.
Leela: So how's the old corpse? Everything hooked up OK?
Fry Ow! Listen, Leela. Thanks for rescuing me last night.
Leela: Anytime. I actually enjoyed hanging out with you.
Bender: Yep, everything worked out great thanks to good old Bender.
Leela: Come on! It's not like you intentionally set us up with bad dates so we'd spend Valentine's Day together.
Bender: Didn't I, Leela? Didn't I?
Leela: No! You didn't! You just corralled a bunch of stiffs at the bus station and pocketed our money!
Bender: True. But in the end, isn't that what Valentine's Day is really all about?
Leela: Yeah.
Fry Watch the neck! Watch the neck!
Bender: My ass! My beautiful ass!
Farnsworth And Hermes returns from his vacation today.
Hermes: Good morning, people.
Fry: Hey, Hermes!
Zoidberg: Hello!
Leela: Good to see you.
Farnsworth: Yo!
Bender: My man!
Amy: So how was the Spleef Nebula?
Hermes: The flight had a stopover on the Brain Slug Planet. Hermes liked it so much he decided to stay of his own free will.
Fry: Hermes has all the fun. Wait a second! He's got a Brain Slug on his head!
Leela: Shh! You're gonna get us all assimilated!
Amy: Just act normal and switch to a garlic shampoo.
Hermes: On to new business. Today's mission is for all of you to go to the Brain Slug Planet.
Zoidberg: What are we going to do there?
Hermes: Just walk around not wearing a helmet.
Farnsworth Let's ditch him and go to the movies!
Fry: Hey, yeah!
Zoidberg: I'm seeing a movie with friends!
Fry: Cool! Let's see this one!
Leela.
Amy: Guk! I hate subtitles. Alien films are so pretentious.
Zoidberg It's about an upside-down world where lobster is slave to clam.
Bender.
Fry: Yeah, I wanna see that.
Bender: Good point, Bender.
Fry: I'll take a small Slurm.
Refreshment-bot: For only 25 cents less, you can get a super-small.
Fry Oh, man!
Bender: Hey, gimme a large diet malt liquor and a popcorn with extra motor oil.
Farnsworth: Down in front!
Announcer.
Fry futuristic!
Crow T. Robot: Shh! Don't talk during the movie.
Announcer And in the world of Ultimate Robot Fighting, the Masked Unit wins his championship bout against Gorgeous Gonks by technical melting.
Bender You mind taking your head off?
Robot: I'm sorry, sir, but I need it to watch the movie.
Bender over here to describe it to you later.
Robot: Sir, she is as the factory made her.
Bender: Well they should have stopped making her about halfway through.
Fembot: Whee!
Calculon Calculon Enterprises.
Monique: Calculon, a fight scene has broken out at the special effects warehouse. Come quickly before a fiery explosion chases someone down a hallway.
Calculon: I have no choice but to--
Mr. Moviefone: If you want Calculon to race to the laser gun battle in his hover-Ferarri, press 1. If you want Calculon to double-check his paperwork, press 2. Enter now.
Mr. Moviefone: You have pressed 2.
Fry: No, I didn't!
Mr. Moviefone: I'm almost positive you did.
Calculon: Add in the carryover from form 16A, then deduct line 2B...
Robot: Pardon me, sir, but you seem to be inadvertently kicking my seat.
Bender: "Pardon me, sir, but you seem to be bleh, bleh..."
Robot: Yes, that's the gist of what I said. Would you mind?
Bender: Sure thing, pal.
Robot: Uh, sir?
Bender: Who threw that?
Robot: That's it! Sir, I challenge you to fisticuffs!
Bender.
Hattie: Let's all go to the lobby!
Robot: I'm gonna open a file of whup-ass on you!
Leela: Bender, do you know who that was?
Man #1: Cripes! The Masked Unit! You knocked him out cold.
Man #2: I'm impressed.
Doubledeal: Son, I'm the commissioner of Ultimate Robot Fighting. I'm a connoisseur of jerks like you who pick fights in movie theatres and you're the biggest I've ever seen.
Bender: You should see me at funerals.
Doubledeal: Kid, I want you in the Ultimate Robot Fighting League.
Bender: Ultimate Robot Fighting? Sounds pleasant! I'll do it.
Flabby: My hero!
Farnsworth: Aw. They don't make movies like this anymore.
Bender: I'm gonna be the greatest Ultimate Robot Fighter ever. Float like a floatbot, sting like an automatic stinging machine!
Amy be an Ultimate Robot Fighter. It's the most brutal form of competition in the galaxy!
Bender: It is?
Farnsworth: There are no rules. Two robots enter, one robot leaves. Then later the other robot leaves after being declared the winner.
Bender: Well, that doesn't sound so bad.
Farnsworth: Oh, did I mention the crippling, agonising pain? I'm pretty sure I did. Oh, yes, definitely.
Bender: Crippling pain? That's not covered by my insurance fraud! Count me out.
Leela: No! You've got to do it. I don't care how suicidal it is.
Fry: Hey! How come when I wanna do fun stuff that'll kill me you're against it?
Leela: This is more important than that marble-eating contest, Fry! It's about pride. Let me tell you a story from my childhood.
Zoidberg: Oh, again with the orphanarium!
Leela: When I was growing up at the orphanarium, I got picked on a lot.
Leela: My only outlet was Arcturan Kung Fu.
Fnog: Excellent. Bill, Keith, you will go to Junior Championships. Bill, congratulate Keith when he regains consciousness.
Leela: But, Master Fnog, I can beat these dorks with one eye closed.
Fnog: Perhaps. But there is more to winning than beating your opponent. You lack the will of the warrior.
Leela: What do you mean? Watch this!
Bill: Ow!
Fnog: No girl has the will of a warrior. You have the will of a housewife or, at best, the schoolmarm.
Leela: That's it. I'll take you on right now.
Fnog Rematch? You lose again! Had enough? I thought so!
Leela: I lost my chance to be a champion. I won't let you throw away yours.
Bender: Leela's right! I don't wanna end up a loser like her. Count me back in!
Leela: Let's see what you got. Touch your toes.
Bender: Still ... can't ... reach!
Bender: Let's commence preparations for rumbling!
Referee And in this corner, from and made of Parts Unknown: The Clearcutter!
Fry: Bender rules!
Hermes: I got you an official Bender hat.
Fry I-- Hey! Cut that out!
Bender: You can't hit what you can't see!
Leela Or a drill through your face. Now quit scratching your axe-hole and get out there.
Bender: Huh?
Referee: And the winner is ... Bender!
Doubledeal: Nice work out there, kid.
Bender: Y'know, I think I he might be dead. I took a life!
Clearcutter: Hi, boss. Yo, dude!
Bender: Hey, he's not dead. What's up with that?
Doubledeal It's a secret, so keep it under your head, but the most popular robot always wins.
Bender: You mean I'm not a great fighter? I just won 'cause I'm popular?
Doubledeal: Bingo!
Bender: Woo-hoo! I'm popular!
Doubledeal: In fact, you're more than popular, you're pure lowest common denominator.
Bender: Go Bender! Go Bender! Go Bender!
Referee: Presenting Bender the Offender!
Bender: I'm just an ex-con trying to go straight and get my kids back.
Referee: Versus ... Billionairebot!
Referee: Versus: The Foreigner!
Foreigner passport!
Referee: Versus ... The Chain Smoker!
Chain Smoker: I love smoking. And after I win the fight I'm heading straight to your favourite restaurant.
Bender: You know, I'm also an Ultimate Robot Lover.
Leela: Bender! You're three hours late. You can't give up on your training now after both of us worked so hard.
Bender: What do you mean, "we"?
Leela: I said "us".
Bender: Hey, Bender the Offender doesn't need you. Bender the Offender doesn't need anybody!
Fembot #1: What about us, Mr. The Offender?
Bender: Well obviously I need floozies! Let's roll!
Bender: Howdy, chief. For my next bout, what do you say I fight these two bimbos in some mud?
Doubledeal: Actually, we've decided to go in a different direction.
Bender: What if I told your we wouldn't be fighting in the conventional sense?
Doubledeal: Bender, your popularity is slipping.
Foreigner: Sales of your Bender Brand French milk bath soaps are down 20%.
Bender: Those morons! I said pea berry, not sandalwood!
Doubledeal: Damnit, Bender! If you can't move sandalwood, you don't belong in this league! That's why you're gonna lose next week's title match.
Bender: But the crowd loves me.
Doubledeal: Perhaps. But let's see how they feel about your new persona: The Gender Bender.
Billionairebot: You'll be the most unpopular robot fighter since Sergeant Faeces Processor.
Bender Well what if I don't let the new guy win?
Doubledeal Melissa, send in the new kid.
Destructor: I am Destructor!
Bender: See you at the fight.
Bender: So then I said, "See you at the fight." And that's the story.
Fry: Man, I thought Ultimate Robot Fighting was real, like pro wrestling. But it turns out it's fixed, like boxing.
Bender: It's one thing to win a fixed fight; there's dignity in that. But to lose? And in this atrocity? I can't do it! Leela, you gotta train me to win.
Leela: No way! If you wouldn't take my help when you didn't need it, why should I give it to you now when you do need it?
Farnsworth: What the hell are you talking about?
Leela: I don't know. But I'm not helping.
Announcer: You loved him as Bender the Offender! Now get ready to hate him as he threatens your sexuality in his new persona ... The Gender Bender!
Bender: I'm a real toughie!
Announcer: Squaring off this Sunday versus Destructor!
Destructor And stop calling me!
Fnog: I am Destructor's trainer, Master Fnog. My pupil will be victorious for he has the will of a warrior!
Leela: Not Fnog! Bender, let's hit the gym. I'm gonna teach you to fight like a girl!
Bender: I'll put on my tutu!
"Cosell" This is Rich Little, imitating Howard Cosell, here at ringside with George Foreman. George, a word in edgewise?
Foreman: This could be the most one-sided fight since 1973 when Ali faced an 80-foot tall mechanical Joe Frazier. M-My memory's not what it used to be but I think the entire Earth was destroyed.
Little: Interesting, if true. The Vegas odds tonight stand at an unprecedented 1000-0; a bet of $0 on Bender pays $1000 if he wins. Still, very few takers.
Foreman: It's not-not a smart bet.
Leela: According to the script, you're supposed to prance out and tickle him with your fairy wand. Instead, I want you to prance out and kick his head off!
Bender: Got it. Large kickle, hold the tickle!
Hermes: Thank God I'm free of that nightmare!
Bender: Sorry, buddy. Here you go!
Hermes: Thank you. It was cold down there on the floor.
Amy: Here, Professor, I got you a programme.
Farnsworth Why, Zoidberg, there's a lovely photo of you in here.
Referee: In this corner, the confused young robot with the golden curls. Weighing 525lbs: The Gender Bender!
Zapp: Boo!
Nixon: Get that hippie out of the ring!
Referee: And in these two corners, weighing 400 tons, the gizmo from Pismo ... Beach, Destructor!
Fnog: So, we meet again. Most amusing: Girl who acts like fighter training fighter who acts like girl.
Leela Ready, Bender?
Bender Now boarding standby passengers--
Foreman With its patented design, the fat drains directly into my mouth.
Bender For God's sakes, Fry!
Hermes: That's exactly what I was thinking.
Bender: Mommy!
Leela Hmm.
Bender: Why won't anyone help me?
Leela: So, once more we meet again.
Fnog: Huh?
Leela: You didn't train Destructor. You're just controlling him like a puppet. I mean, cheating in a fake fight. That's low!
Fnog: Better than being a girl. Like you. You're a girl!
Leela: Oh, right. Girls lack the will of the warrior!
Bender Take this. And this!
Fnog Too bad I was a lousy teacher!
Bender: I think you misunderstood the concept of "bendering time"!
Fnog: See you in girl hell. I'll be in boy hell -- much nicer!
Leela: Yes!
Bender Oh!
Referee: And the winner is Destructor!
Little: I've not seen a spectacle of this nature in all my years impersonating a sportscaster.
Foreman: It sure was some fight. Interesting side note: As a head without a body, I envy the dead.
Little: No argument here.
Fry: Bender? How did the fight go? I heard somebody got flattened!
Amy: Fry, where's your Brain Slug?
Farnsworth: Poor little guy starved to death.
Leela: I'm proud of you, Bender. Sure, you lost. You lost bad. But the important thing is I beat up someone who hurt my feelings in high school.
Bender: I'm in tremendous pain here.
Doubledeal: Great job, kid. You lost and you made it look almost half real. I want you to have this card good for 10% off at Bed Bath & Beyond.
Bender: Yes! I'm the greatest! The greatest!
Little: And so ends the chronicle of one of the greatest ever to play the sport.
Foreman: And he didn't look half bad in the tutu.
Little: That he did surely not.
Foreman: What?
Farnsworth: Good news, everyone! Several years ago I tried to log on to AOL, and it just went through. Whee! We're online!
Farnsworth: Go ahead, get into these net suits. I designed and tested them myself.
Leela.
Farnsworth: Really? I guess when you're around it all day you stop noticing. Off you go.
Fry: Hey!
Bender: Behold: The Internet!
Fry: My God! It's full of ads!
Leela: Follow me!
Fry: It's immense.
Leela: It's got every piece of information anyone could ever want.
Fry: So I see!
Zoidberg: What? What's going on here?
Amy: Hey, that's me!
Bender: No, it isn't. I just took some pictures of your face and stuck them on someone else's body.
Leela: Hey!
Doorman: Are you over 18?
Young Boy: Yes.
Younger Boy: Yes.
Bender. And here it is.
Amy: Ew, that is so gross!
Leela: Yeah. I'll stick with this one, thank you.
Amy: Yeah.
Bender: Hi, I'm a naughty nurse and I really need someone to talk to. $9.95 a minute.
Man: Ooh, you're a dollar naughtier than most.
Bender: So how 'bout them Knicks?
Nerd #1: Hello? Are there any girls in this room at all?
Nerd #2: Yeah, bring on the hot chicks 'cause I'm a hot stud.
Nerd #3: Yeah! So are we!
Leela I don't like to play games, so I'll just say I'm a cyclops, I'm a spaceship captain, I'm the only one of my species and I'm interested in meeting a man.
Nerd #4: A woman! I'm scared.
Fry: Well, thanks to the Internet, I'm bored with sex. Is there a place on the web that panders to my lust for violence?
Bender reptilian?
Hermes: Get ready for fun, Fry. Nowadays, we have a type of game played entirely on video.
Leela: We call it a "video game".
Fry: Uh, "video game" you say? Well, golly gee, you mighty spacemen of the future will have to show me how it works.
Zoidberg The doctor is out!
Holo-Farnsworth Leela, please tell the others that--
Leela: Who are you?
Cyclops: I saw you in the chat room but you left before I had a chance to talk to you. After all these years of searching for another Cyclops.
Leela: I can't believe it. I've dreamed of this moment all my life.
Cyclops: Do you think perhaps you and I--
Leela him. You wrecked my one chance to learn who I am!
Fry I won! I'm the greatest!
Leela: Come on. We have work to do.
Fry mad at me for wrecking your once-in-a-lifetime chance to learn the meaning of your existence?
Leela: No, I'm just happy you were able to win a video game. Now let's concentrate on getting this desperately-needed popcorn to the people of Cineplex 14, OK?
Operator It's not spam.
Leela It's him!
Cyclops: To Leela. Subject: Hello. I am Alcazar. Fortunately I wrote down your screenname before I was dispatched by that oafish moron.
Fry: Kicked your ass!
Alcazar: Leela, we have much to discuss. Please come join me on the planet of your birth. Co-ordinates follow.
Fry: Well, too bad we gotta make that urgent popcorn delivery.
Leela: It'll get there.
Leela: After a whole life of searching, I may finally have found where I belong.
Bender: Too bad it's a dump.
Leela: Look at that statue. It's only got one eye.
Fry: Lazy sculptor!
Alcazar: Welcome home, Leela.
Leela Are you real? Or am I seeing single?
Alcazar: Ow! Of course I'm real.
Leela: After all this time, somebody else with one eye who isn't a clumsy carpenter or, uh, a kid with a BB gun.
Alcazar Come, let me introduce you to yourself. Do you mind if your servants walk?
Leela: Not at all!
Alcazar: We are the last remaining Cyclopses. Our planet is Cyclopia. This is the capital, Cyclops City. Stop me if I'm going too fast for you.
Leela: There's so much information and yet somehow I feel as if I know it all already.
Alcazar: This sacred mosaic depicts our goddess of beauty.
Fry: Hmm, you got any sacred artwork of her from the back?
Alcazar: Her perfect eye reminds me of yours, Leela. Had our race survived, you would have been a temple priestess or a supermodel.
Leela: Oh, please! Really?
Alcazar: And there's the infamous pirate, Purple Beard, scourge of the six seas.
Fry: What's over that hill?
Alcazar: The Forbidden Valley. A holy sanctuary where no one may tread.
Fry Ow!
Leela Isn't it?
Fry: Ow!
Alcazar: This is my home. I hope you don't think less of me because I live in a giant castle.
Leela: Oh, no, not at all. If anything, I'm more impressed.
Bender: Ooh! I'm gonna need to make some room.
Alcazar: In here is where I dream my lonely dreams and cook my simple meals.
Leela: It's all so sad. What happened to our people?
Alcazar: It's too painful to speak of now. Come, I'll show you your quarters.
Bender: Ow! Ow! Ow!
Leela: I heard you from my room. What's wrong?
Alcazar: Nothing. It's just-- No, Leela. I don't want to see tears in your perfect eye.
Leela: Please, is it about the fate of our people? Because I'm very interested in that.
Alcazar: Well, OK. But it's chilly and you're going to be all wet from the tears. Let's go into my chamber.
Alcazar Unfortunately, one of the 40 planets hit, was ours.
Cyclopian Man #1: How far away do you think it is?
Cyclopian Man #2: A trillion miles?
Alcazar Our people don't like to be hot. Anyway, just before the impact...
Alcazar: Our smartest scientists managed to save one baby.
Leela: Alcazar, I used to be a baby, it might have been me!
Alcazar: Fortunately, I was employed as a pool cleaner at the time and, when I emerged from retrieving a dead possum, I found I was the only one left.
Leela: It's so tragic.
Alcazar: Yes, but the real tragedy is that our race ends with us.
Leela: It doesn't have to.
Alcazar: What do you mean?
Leela: You're a male and I'm a female.
Alcazar: I'm still not following you.
Leela: Wake up, my king.
Alcazar: Oh, jeez, what a night. Make me some coffee, would you.
Leela: Uh, sure, OK. What do you take with that?
Alcazar: Pancakes and sausage. Kitchen's in the basement, pans are in the attic.
Leela: Maybe after breakfast we can talk about rebuilding our civilisation.
Fry: Mmm! Great pancakes, Leela.
Alcazar Listen, hon', we don't want to look like slobs in front of the other species, do we?
Leela: No.
Alcazar: So get to work on these dishes. And then organise my collection of naked celebrity photos by name and what you can see.
Leela: Look, Alcazar--
Alcazar: Call me Al.
Leela. I know you've been living alone a long time and I can sympathise, but I'm not your maid.
Alcazar: You're right, I'm sorry. I guess the relationship isn't going to work. So much for the Cyclops race. I thought it was a pretty good race but, uh--
Leela Hey, where'd they go?
Bender: Ah, Leela's experiencing the greatest joy a woman can feel: Worshipping some low-life jerk.
Fry: He may be some low-life jerk but I don't trust him. I think he's hiding something and I'm gonna find out what it is.
Fry: Try and stop me!
Leela Who are these people?
Alcazar: Friends.
Leela: Hey, where'd you get this couch and that TV set and all this stuff?
Alcazar: They were giving it away on the street corner. Just like you, Leela!
Leela: Too bad they weren't giving away the three things you actually need: Mouthwash, a back wax and stain-proof underwear.
Rat Woman: You go, girl!
Alcazar: By the way, your pal Fry fell into the dungeon. Take him a taco so he doesn't die and stink up the place.
Leela: Come on, Al, can't you let the little guy out?
Alcazar: Jeez, Leela, twice in one day? I'm not Superman!
Leela: Why were you sneaking into my people's forbidden valley?
Fry: 'Cause I think Alcazar's hiding something from you. Listen, Leela, you may not like it, you may not believe it, you may not wanna hear it but Alcazar's a jerk. He's bad for you. He--
Leela: I know.
Fry: You do?
Leela: Fry, if it's obvious to you with your learning disability then of course it's obvious to me. He's crude and gross and he treats me like a slave.
Fry: Then dump his one-eyed ass.
Leela: I can't. If I leave Alcazar, that's the end of the Cyclops race. And I won't let that happen. Even if it means a lifetime of unhappiness.
Alcazar: Leela! Mop up in aisle number two!
Leela: I'll break up with him at dinner.
Fry: I'll be there.
Alcazar: Yo, Leela, what gives? Pig says your slop tastes like crap.
Pig: Yeah. Like crap.
Fry: C'mon, Leela, you deserve better than this guy. Dump him already!
Leela: I'm trying.
Alcazar Leela, will you marry me?
Fry: No! No!
Leela: Yes! I will!
Rat Woman getting married!
Amy: Congratulations, Leela!
Zoidberg: Hello.
Hermes: Oh, this is great!
Leela: Glad you could make it.
Bender: It's a magical day.
Fry: Welcome!
Fry: Psst, Leela. You've gotta get me out of here. It's horrible! Eating scraps, letting my waste drop wherever it falls like an animal in the zoo.
Leela: Animals go in the corner.
Fry: The corner! Why didn't I think of that?
Leela Here. Try to be happy for me. That way at least one of us will be.
Fry: That's it! It's time for this bird to walk.
Fry: Bender, come on. We've gotta get some dirt on Alcazar. Let's go and find out what makes the Forbidden Valley so forbidden.
Bender: Uh, no, thanks. I'm good.
Fry: But there's probably some cool forbidden stuff you can steal.
Bender: I don't know, Fry. For the first time in my life I feel like I've stolen enough.
Fry: Bender, snap out of it!
Bender I love stealing, I love taking things!
Zoidberg: That pig over there is wearing the same sandals as me.
Fry Good boy!
Bender: Whoa, Mittens!
Fry: My God! Four identical castles!
Bender: Each more identical than the last!
Fry: That's weird. It's another Cyclops, only this one has five eyes.
Bender: And here's another one with no eyes.
Preacherbot: Does anyone have a reason why this couple shall not be joined in the irrevocable shackles of holy bliss?
Farnsworth: Saving a race of one-eyed monsters? Who could object to that?
Alcazar: Cut to the chase, Preach!
Preacherbot take this woman before you ... to love ... in sickness ... do you part?
Alcazar: Yeah, sure I do. Come on, faster!
Preacherbot: Do you, Leela, copy and paste his response till death do you part?
Leela: I ... d--
Amy: Oh, my God!
Alcazar: What the--?
Fry: Hey, Alcazar, you left somebody off the guest list.
Five-Eyed Woman: Alcazar, why you are so late for our wedding? And why you have only one eye?
Alcazar going to marry you.
Fry: Oh, yeah? Then what about this?
Alcazar: This is a bit awkward.
Five-Eyed Woman: Who's she?
Leela: Who's she?
Sandy?
Alcazar: Go back to the castle, Sandy.
Fry And her.
Alcazar: Leela, this must all be very confusing.
Leela: A little. That's why I've decided to hurt you until you explain it.
Sandy form!
Leela: Yeah!
Alien #2: Do it!
Alcazar: Well, this is the real me. But I can explain: We all have needs. Mine was to make it with five weirdos and have them scrub my five castles. I gave you all what you wanted and of course I made a few bucks letting Pig watch through the two-way mirror. Can any of you say you wouldn't have done the exact same thing in my position?
Bender: He's a saint!
Leela: But why did you have all five weddings on the same day?
Alcazar: Hey, lady, you got any idea what it costs to rent a tux that changes shape?
Leela: Alright, Alcazar, I just have one last question for you.
Alcazar: What's that?
Leela: If you can change form, why didn't you change it in the one place that counts?
Leela: Thanks for saving me from that creep, Fry.
Fry: Hey, that's what I do.
Leela: I guess I was so desperate to find out who I really was, I forgot who I really was.
Farnsworth: No harm done. In the many decades you'll work to repay me for that shipment of popcorn you destroyed, you'll have plenty of time to search for your true home.
Leela: Yeah. I mean, how many planets can there be?
Farnsworth: Good news, everyone! The university is bringing me up on disciplinary charges. Wait, that's not good news at all.
Leela: Whatever you did, Professor, I'm sure there's a reasonable explanation.
Farnsworth: Yes, but they won't listen. Everyone's always in favour of saving Hitler's brain but when you put it in the body of a great white shark, ooh, suddenly you've gone too far.
Vernon we've called you here today?
Farnsworth!
Vernon Surprise!
Man #1: Surprise!
Man #2: Happy birthday!
Hermes: Surprise!
Farnsworth"?
Leela: No, Professor! It's a surprise party for your 150th birthday.
Farnsworth Ooh!
Bender Whoa, sorry. I'm Bender and I'll be emceeing this roast. Y'know, they say you can judge a man by the company he keeps. So here's the Professor's oldest friend, a grotesque, stinking lobster.
Zoidberg all over again.
Bender But seriously, of all the former crew members of the Professor's delivery ship, our next speaker is by far the most alive. Captain Musky?
Zoidberg: I wouldn't wanna follow that guy!
Bender Fry, get up there!
Fry Roll film!
Leela And before long he blossomed into a greasy teenager.
Fry: Dork alert!
Leela And even as he nears his 150th birthday, the Professor retains the fiery passion of youth.
Farnsworth: Listen, you pompous frauds. If I'm going down, I'm taking you all with me.
Bender: How 'bout a few words, Professor?
Farnsworth: Eh, wha?
Bender: I said "words".
Farnsworth: Uh, what a pleasure it is to see my lifetime of accomplishment summed up in a 3-minute film. My best years are behind me. So much left undone. So little time.
Bender: Funny, funny stuff.
Farnsworth: My life is over.
Leela: No, it isn't. You have another 10 years left.
Fry years!
Leela: No, he couldn't. When you turn 160, robots from the Sunset Squad take you to a mysterious planet and you never return.
Fry: Wow, a whole planet of old people. Where is it?
Bender: Nobody knows!
Farnsworth: So many loves half-loved, so many inventions half-invented. That damn time machine alone set me back 15 years.
Zoidberg: If only it'd worked, you could go back and not waste your time on it.
Farnsworth By God, that's it! I've got to name a successor.
Fry: A successor?
Zoidberg: A successor to the Professor?
Farnsworth: There's no time to lose. I'm off to my lab to build a successor-naming machine!
Fry: Man, the Professor's been in his lab for days.
Bender: I hope he didn't die. Unless he left a note naming me his successor. Then I hope he did die.
Zoidberg: You? The successor? Over my empty shell! The Professor will pick me. Only I have his lobster-like tenacity.
Hermes: Up yours, Zoidberg. Up wherever your species traditionally crams things. The only sensible way to choose a successor is with a limbo contest.
Leela: What?
Hermes: Kingston rules. Two men go down, one come up.
Leela: Look, the Professor trusts me with a giant spaceship. He wouldn't trust the rest of you with his dentures.
Amy: Yesh, he would.
Fry: Sorry, everyone, but need I remind you? Blood is thicker than water.
Zoidberg ... water.
Farnsworth: Everyone, I have a very dramatic announcement. So anyone with a weak heart should leave now. Goodbye.
Leela: Uh, Professor?
Farnsworth: Oh, oh, yes, the announcement! As you all know, I am not long for this world.
Leela: Yes, we know.
Hermes: True, mon.
Amy: Buh!
Fry: One foot in the grave.
Farnsworth My closest living relative.
Fry: Oh, yeah!
Farnsworth: My clone, Cubert Farnsworth.
Zoidberg: He's horrible!
Fry: Crud. Can I at least be in charge of your dentures?
Amy: You wish!
Fry: Where did Cubert come from?
Farnsworth: 12 years ago I began the cloning process by removing some skin cells from one of the shapelier growths on my back.
Leela: Wait. If he's your clone, why doesn't his nose look like yours?
Farnsworth: I left him in his first tube too long and he got squished up against the side.
Bender: Is he dumb or just ugly?
Farnsworth: Let's find out.
Cubert: What? You've never seen a genius's wiener before?
Zoidberg: No.
Leela: Never.
Fry: Well, once in the park.
Zoidberg: Mmm!
Cubert. Zoidberg, do you even have a medical degree?
Zoidberg: I lost it ... in a volcano.
Cubert: And why do we need a bending robot around here anyway? What possible use do we have for you?
Bender: Uh ... me no speaka the English.
Cubert: And why does our space pilot have only one eye? There's someone I'd like you to meet. His name is depth perception!
Leela: Why, you little--
Cubert: Wow, that hurt -- the air!
Bender bending!
Farnsworth: Oh, Cubert, come in here. I have something amazing to show you.
Cubert: What is it? A competent employee? I doubt that very much!
Fry: Little twerp.
Bender!
Farnsworth: As my successor, I'm trusting you to carry on my work. These are just some of the half-finished inventions you'll spend your life finishing.
Cubert: I didn't realise you were the inventor of the junk heap.
Farnsworth And this is my universal translator. Unfortunately so far it only translates into an incomprehensible dead language.
Cubert: Hello.
Universal Translator!
Farnsworth: Crazy gibberish!
Cubert: Don't you have any worthwhile inventions?
Farnsworth: Why, certainly. Step over here.
Farnsworth: These are the dark matter engines I invented. They allow my starship to travel between galaxies in mere hours.
Cubert: That's impossible. You can't go faster than the speed of light.
Farnsworth: Of course not. That's why scientists increased the speed of light in 2208.
Cubert: Also impossible.
Farnsworth: And what makes my engines truly remarkable is the afterburner which delivers 200% fuel efficiency.
Cubert: That's especially impossible.
Farnsworth: Not at all. It's very simple.
Cubert: Then explain it.
Farnsworth impossible. It came to me in a dream and I forgot it in another dream.
Cubert: Your explanations are pure weapons-grade bolog-nium. It's all impossible.
Farnsworth: Nothing is impossible. Not if you can imagine it. That's what being is a scientist is all about.
Cubert: No, that's what being a magical elf is all about.
Bender: Oh, my God! Oh, my God! It's Elzar, the TV chef! Oh, kill me now, people!
Elzar: How we doing here?
Bender: Oh, Elzar, everything's so good!
Elzar: What are you, an ass-kissing machine?
Bender: Yes, sir! Good one, sir!
Farnsworth: Oh, it's a gem of an evening. I feel so wonderful having someone to take over my life's work. And it's all thanks to Cubert.
Cubert: Look, Professor, I may be identical to you in every possible way but that doesn't mean I'm anything like you.
Farnsworth: You ... wha?
Cubert: I don't wanna be an inventor. I wanna be something useful like a teacher's aide or a prison guard or a science-fiction cartoon writer.
Farnsworth: But-But what about my hopes and my dreams and my wonderful inventions?
Cubert: In your entire life your only half-decent invention was me and I didn't turn out like you wanted either.
Elzar: You folks still doing alright?
Bender: Oh, yes, Elzar.
Elzar: Good, 'cause it turns out I forgot to cook that chicken.
Farnsworth: Bad news, everyone. By the time you watch this tape, I'll be gone, leaving behind me nothing but a history of failure and my original hip-bones. You see, I've been lying about my age; I'm not actually 150, I'm 160. Oh, vanity, thy name is Professor Farnsworth. And now that I have nothing to live for, I've alerted the Sunset Squad robots to take me away.
Farnsworth ... and the cute little pom-pom curtain pull cords, cruel though they may be a--
Farnsworth: And now that I've nothing to live for, I've alerted the Sunset Squad robots to take me away.
Amy: What?
Hermes: Oh, no!
Zoidberg: Oh.
Farnsworth: I know you're all very upset, especially Bender.
Bender: Well, life goes on. Except for you!
Farnsworth: I'm sure that Bender has just made a cutting remark, but he doesn't know I taped over his soap operas to record this message.
Bender: You bastard!
Fry: We've gotta get him back.
Cubert: Impossible! No one knows where they take those old geezers.
Fry: Nothing is impossible. You'd know that if you really took after the Professor, like I do.
Cubert.
Fry: Uh ... what?
Cubert: Wait a second. That means I also take after you!
Leela: Quiet. I think I know how to find the Professor.
Bender: Lay it on us, big boots.
Leela: If the Smellescope can pick up the Professor's odour, we may have a chance to save him.
Cubert know, odours are made up of particles that can't travel through the vacuum of space.
Leela ... letters to the editor. It's the Professor!
Bender: To the flying machine!
Fry U-turn! U-turn!
Cubert: We'll never find this place. Robots are very good at keeping secrets.
Bender: No, we're not, you little bed-wetter. Oops! I'm sorry.
Leela: There it is! The Near-Death Star!
Leela: OK, we'll tell them the Professor escaped and we're bringing him back. Fry, you'll have to dress up like a 160-year-old man.
Fry: I'm on it!
Cubert: My God, the illusion is so perfect I almost forgot I was looking at an idiot!
Leela: Now, they may ask for a DNA sample.
Fry: I'd like to see them find it!
Cubert: This plan is impossible. We don't even have a sample of the Professor's DNA.
Bender: I think I know where to get some.
Cubert have to be the hump?
Fry: 'Cause you're too ugly to be a wart.
Leela: Your Medicare dollars at work.
Barrierbot #1.
Leela: Uh, this is Professor Hubert Farnsworth. He escaped.
Barrierbot #1: Escaped? No one escapes.
Barrierbot #2 does not look 160.
Fry Hey, you kids, get off the lawn!
Barrierbot #1: Hmm, it is true old people are often concerned that there are children on their lawns.
Barrierbot #2: There's no denying that. But we'll still need to verify his identity with a DNA sample.
Bender: Got a hot, steaming batch right here!
Barrierbot #2: We only needed one cell!
Bender: Eh, keep the change, buddy.
Cubert: Stupid robot.
Barrierbot #1: Did your hump just say something?
Fry: Uh ... I-I've got talking hump syndrome.
Barrierbot #1: Ah, T.H.S.
Barrierbot #2: Identity confirmed. Return this shambling shuffle-boarder to his room.
Barrierbot #1: 7152 Maple Drive.
Leela: Sounds nice.
Barrierbot #1: Prepare to be surprised.
Fry: So this is where they stick old people. It's horrific!
Leela: At least it keeps them from driving.
Leela: Brace yourself for the worst.
Bender: And yet he looks so natural.
Cubert: What's happening?
Leela We have to disconnect him very, very carefully, or the shock could kill him.
Guardbot #1 Seize them!
Guardbot #2: Seize them!
Guardbot #3: Seize them!
Guardbot #4: Seize them!
Guardbot #1 them!
Guardbot #2: Aww, I'm so bad at this!
Guardbot #3: Uh-oh!
Leela: We're probably gonna make it, but we might not.
Cubert: It's impossible! We'll never fit.
Fry: Will too!
Cubert: Told you.
Fry: Come on, Leela! Step your big boot down on the gas pedal.
Leela: They've blown out one of our engines!
Fry: Fix it! Fix it! Fix it! Fix it! Fix it! Fix it! Fix it! Fix it! Fix it!
Leela: Only the Professor knows how to fix it. We have to wake him up.
Fry: Try shocking him.
Bender: Your social security cheque is late! Stuff costs more than it used to! Young people use curse words!
Fry: Damnit, we'll have to fix the engine ourself.
Leela: We can't, you bastard! No one knows how it works. It's impossible!
Cubert The engines don't move the ship at all. The ship stays where it is and the engines move the universe around it.
Bender: That's a complete load.
Cubert Let's ride!
Cubert: Good news, everyone! He's made a complete recovery.
Amy: Yeah!
Hermes: Wow!
Leela: All right!
Farnsworth See? I only broke one ankle.
Fry: So what were they doing to you in that awful drawer?
Farnsworth: Oh, they had me hooked up to a bizarre virtual world that seemed absolutely real.
Amy: What was it like?
Farnsworth: It was as though I were living in a facility in Florida with hundreds of other old people. All day long we'd play bingo, eat oatmeal and wait for our children to call.
Leela: It's a hundred times more horrible than anything I could imagine.
Farnsworth: Oh, my, yes. Thank you all for saving me. Especially you, my little clone. No matter what you decide to do with your life, I'm still proud of you.
Cubert: I've already decided. Dad, when I grow up I wanna be just like you.
Farnsworth: Don't worry, son, you will. Incidentally, you might want to read up on a condition known as "wandering bladder".
Cubert: Why?
Farnsworth: No reason. No reason at all.
Hermes My God! It's from the Central Bureaucracy!
Leela: I'm having a poker game tonight with some friends from my old cryogenics job. You guys interested?
Bender: I don't know. I only gamble with chumps.
Fry: I'll play.
Bender: I'm in!
Zoidberg: Leela, Fry, robot. No matter what it is you're doing tonight, I'm available.
Leela: We're playing poker. But I'm warning you, my friends are serious players.
Zoidberg: Bah, big shots. I say let the dice do the talking.
Fry: Wow! You look happy. Is someone fired?
Hermes: Better! The Central Bureaucracy is conducting an inspection tomorrow. I will finally be promoted to grade 35, the 35th highest grade there is.
Leela: Hermes, wait! We're having a poker party. Stay and whip off a batch of your famous jerk dip.
Hermes: Sorry, I spent all day putting my office in order. Now I got to go home and relax the traditional Jamaican way: A glass of warm milk and good night sleep.
Fry: Jamaican? I thought you were some kinda outer-space potato man.
Leela: Ah, that must be my old boss.
Ipgee: Hello, Leela. You're fired.
Leela: I know.
Ipgee: I'm sorry but it's just that you're over a year late for work at this point.
Terry: Let the games begin!
Ipgee: So I told Leela, "Your request for a date is most flattering but I must decline." These office romances never work out. After all, that is how I met my horrible wife.
Leela: But you never wore your ring. I didn't know you had a wife.
Ipgee: And my wife doesn't know I have a job. I keep my personal and professional lives separate.
Bender: Come on, let's deal. You'll have plenty of time to talk when you're poor.
Fry: What's with the specs, Bender?
Bender: They're my lucky shades. I stole them off some lucky guy while his lucky seeing eye dog was taking a whiz.
Fry: Hey!
Zoidberg: I can't spell anything with these cards.
Zoidberg Three human females, a number and a king giving himself brain surgery.
Fry: It doesn't matter how many human females you have, Bender's on a hot streak.
Bender Read 'em and leak salt water!
Fry: Oh, man!
Terry: That's my baby's milk money!
Ipgee: Oh, I am broke. What will I tell my horrible wife?
Bender: If I were you I'd be more worried about that tapeworm going to town on your intestines.
Ipgee: Let me see those glasses.
Bender: Um ... uh...
Ipgee: Oh, my various Gods! X-Ray specs!
Bender: Guys, I swear those are prescription. I need 'em for reading stuff ... on the other side of stuff.
Lou: Cheater!
Ipgee: Get him!
Terry: Break his neck!
Zoidberg: No, don't hurt him! He's my best friend!
Bender Ow! Easy on the arm! Oh! Oh, my ass!
Hermes: Great cow of Moscow!
Bender: Uh, it was ghosts! Big ones! And a tornado!
Hermes And that's as low as limbo sticks get.
Fry: Aw, hey, c'mon, don't worry. We'll watch you clean up.
Hermes: It's too late. The inspector will be here in exactly one second.
Hermes: Who the hell are you?
Morgan: Morgan Proctor, bureaucrat grade 19.
Hermes: Hermes Conrad, bureaucrat grade 36.
Morgan: Enough friendly banter. Shall we begin the inspection?
Hermes: This way, please.
Fry: Jeez, Hermes, you seem awfully calm about this.
Hermes: Don't worry. I have a plan.
Hermes: I'm going to jump!
Amy: No!
Zoidberg: No!
Bender: Do a flip!
Leela: Don't do it, Hermes! You have so much to live for.
Bender: I get it, reverse psychology.
Farnsworth: Please, old friend, don't jump. Use another method that won't damage your liver. Other people need it, you know.
LaBarbara: Husband! Nooo!
Hermes: Outta my way, wife! I wasn't cut out to be a bureaucrat anyway. I'm only anal 78.36% of the time. I'm not worthy to stamp a form, so I'll stamp the pavement with my flabby body.
Morgan: Bureaucrat Conrad, if you complete your death transaction without filing a suicide and/or falling accident permit, you will be posthumously demoted.
Hermes: Life. Death. Either way I'm demoted to a tiny cubicle.
Hermes: Sweet something of ... of someplace.
Morgan: As your superior, I hereby relieve you of duty. Consider yourself on paid vacation.
Hermes: Oh! The ultimate penalty!
Zoidberg: I recommend the health cure on Spa 5, the sauna planet. Here, read.
LaBarbara: Spa 5? Is it good?
Zoidberg: Oh, it's wonderful! I don't know anything about it but they give me a bucket of krill for every patient I send.
Morgan: Naturally I'll have to assign a bureaucrat to fill in for Hermes while he's away. I assign me, I accept. Welcome aboard.
Zoidberg: Then it's settled. Hermes will relax and Zoidberg will eat. Hurrah!
Morgan: I've been reviewing your corporate records. Regarding last Monday's delivery, why did it take twice as long as scheduled?
Leela: Fry got his head stuck in a crater.
Fry: I thought it would fit.
Morgan: And during this period of head-crater interaction, what were you doing?
Bender: Martini drinking contests with the autopilot. I would've had him this time but we ran out of olives.
Leela: I can explain--
Morgan: You really think you can explain how you left port without a full compliment of olives? I think not.
Leela: What is this, high school?
Morgan: Locker check!
Morgan: Why isn't this jacket in alphabetical order?
Leela: What?
Morgan: The zipper. It should be at the bottom.
Bender: Hey, sometimes a guy gets lonely.
Morgan Why is there yoghurt in this cap?
Fry: Uh, I can explain that. See, it used to be milk and, well, time makes fools of us all.
Morgan: You are all dismissed. Fry, I will speak to you alone.
Fry: Uh, wait, this is the other Fry's locker. I'm "Phry" with a P-H.
Morgan Dirty boy! Dirty! Dirty! Dirty!
Fry: What the hell's going on? I thought you were anti-dirty not pro-dirty.
Morgan: I'm surrounded by neat freaks everyday. There's nothing kinkier to me than a filthy slop-jock like you.
Fry: Oh, stop!
Morgan: Now listen, you filthy pig. No one can know about us. If anyone asks, I'll deny it.
Fry: Just like very other girl I've dated.
Woman ... come on, work those arms!
LaBarbara: This is no spa, it's a forced-labour camp.
Hermes: Curse that Dr. Zoidberg! If I get out of here, he'll be looking down the business-end of a shrimp fork.
Australian Man: Give him one for me too, mate. I don't know why I go to him.
Woman: I don't miss twice, campers!
Morgan: And for those six and a half reasons, I am demoting Leela to co-pilot.
Leela: Co-pilot? Under who?
Morgan: The autopilot.
Leela?
Morgan: Mr. Bender, you are now in charge of co-ordinating the Professor's bodily functions.
Farnsworth: That's a full-time job.
Morgan: And Fry, as for you, I am promoting you to executive delivery boy. You will no longer go on deliveries and you will have your own office next to mine.
Fry: Alright!
Morgan Meeting adjourned.
Amy: I can't figure why she's so nice to you, Fry.
Zoidberg: She's a hateful monster, this Morgan. She scolded and hit me. I tell you, she's risking my friendship with her.
Leela: Bender, what happened to you?
Bender Why, if she were here, I'd-- Uh-oh, is she behind me?
Morgan: No. I'm in front of you.
Fry: Morgan? It's 3am.
Morgan So, uh, this is where you eat?
Fry sleep.
Morgan: Oh, Fry!
Fry: Uh, wait, Bender's my roommate. He could be back any second.
Morgan: Not likely. I ordered him to flush out the Professor's ear wax.
Bender It's all coming together now!
Bender: I must say, this opens my eyes. Another case closed, my dear Watson.
Fry: Morgan, come back! He's stuck in a loop.
Bender: For I was blind but now I see!
Bender: The cat's out of the bag now!
Morgan: Mr. Bender, about last night: That was just a ... a misunderstanding.
Bender ... were having sex with you.
Morgan: No. You see, a bureaucrat of my rank isn't supposed to fraternise.
Bender ... old Bender."
Fry: Hey, what did you do to him?
Morgan: I downloaded his brain. Everything that is Bender is right here. His mind, his memories, his in-your-face interface.
Bender: I am Bender. Please insert girder.
Fry What did you do now? Stop doing things!
Morgan: I sent the disk to be filed at the Central Bureaucracy. I did what I had to do, Fry; He was a bad robot.
Fry. I want him back right now.
Morgan: Then you should have filed a request 20 years ago.
Fry: I'm sick of you and your bureaucracy!
Morgan: Dirty boy! Dirty boy!
Leela: You and Morgan were having an affair?
Fry: I couldn't help it. She loved me because of the part of me that's a slob and I loved her because of the part of me that's desperate.
Bender: I am Bender. Please insert girder.
Fry: Poor Bender. Without his brain he's become all quiet and helpful. We've got to go to the Central Bureaucracy and get that disk back!
Amy: Yeah!
Farnsworth: Oh, yes, we must, yes.
Amy: Why?
Leela: Well, those arguments aside, we're still going.
Farnsworth: You can't just waltz into the Central Bureaucracy. It's a tangled web of red tape and regulations. I've never been but a friend of mine went completely mad trying to find the washroom there.
Leela: Then we'll need a guide. Someone who's been there before.
Farnsworth: Oh, I've been there. Lots of times!
Hermes: Look at that: The carts go out full but they come in empty. It's criminally inefficient.
Australian Man: Quiet, mate. Pulling the empty carts is the closest thing we get to sleep.
Hermes: But don't you see? They could increase efficiency 4% if they used the empty carts to bring in heavy mining machinery.
Man: Hey, I like the way you think.
Australian Man: Oh, Lord!
Man: You know, you oughta be a bureaucrat or something.
Fry: Man, how long is this gonna take?
Old Man: I'm still waiting on my birth certificate.
Farnsworth: Well, it doesn't look like I'll make it inside with the rest of you. Uh, but good luck. Just leave me where I drop.
Old Man: Oh, great! Someone had a baby.
Leela: Come on. I have a better idea.
Leela: Excuse me? We're from the Planet Express delivery company. We're here to deliver a robot.
Bender: I am Bender. Please insert girder.
Grade 53 Bureaucrat: Looks like we've got a new office cut-up!
Grade 41 Bureaucrat: Look out! Look out! I'm gonna crash my slow-mobile! I had to swerve to avoid you.
Leela: While you're crashing, could you tell us where all these canisters end up?
Grade 41 Bureaucrat: Oh, you want Central Filing.
Leela: OK.
Fry: OK.
Amy: OK, thanks.
Farnsworth: Wonderful.
Grade 41 Bureaucrat: Nooo!
Grade 20 Bureaucrat: Central Filing? Of course I know where that is. I'm a grade 20.
Leela: Where is it?
Grade 20 Bureaucrat you. What do I look like? A grade 16?
Leela Then we'll track it using my wrist LoJack-a-mater.
Wrist Machine: Cold. Cold. Warmer. Hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot.
Grade 11 Bureaucrat: Please don't tell my supervisor I was sleeping.
Leela: This is it. We'll just run in, grab Bender's disk and run out. Got it?
Fry: We'll never find that disk will we, Bender?
Bender: I am Bender. Please insert girder.
Fry: You're right. Nothing is over as long as there's one thin ray of hope.
Morgan I should have known you'd come here rather than follow proper procedure. And I did know. And that's why I came here.
Fry: Listen, Morgan, we're through. You're an evil, heartless woman and I never wanna see you again. However, would you help us get Bender back for old time's sake?
Morgan pile, and it would take some sort of giant, mechanical, atomic-powered sorting machine to find him.
Hermes: You rang?
Farnsworth: Damnit, Hermes, just jump already. Stop hogging that healthy liver.
Hermes: No, I want to live. Organising that forced-labour spa rekindled my lifelong love of bureaucracy.
LaBarbara: My Hermes got that hellhole running so efficiently that all the physical labour is now done by a single Australian man.
Leela: But how did you know we were here?
Hermes: Dr. Zoidberg brought us.
Zoidberg: It was me! I'm the hero!
Number 1.0: Request for explanation of incident meeting?
Morgan: Number 1.0.
Hermes: Number 1.0, I hereby petition you for an emergency sort-and-file, under regulation 2 point--
Number 1.0: D-D-D-D-Don't quote me regulations. I co-chaired the committee that reviewed the recommendation to revise the colour of the book that regulation's in. We kept it grey.
Hermes: Sir, please, I must located the disk with my friend's brain on it.
Number 1.0 if you fail to sort the master in pile by closing time: 1pm.
Leela: That's only four minutes from now.
Hermes
To get into my 10th birthday party.
LaBarbara: But something changed when my man turned pro.
Hermes: I was sortin' but I wasn't smilin'.
LaBarbara: He forgot that it's not about badges and ranks.
Hermes
Even if nobody paid us!
Hermes
Zoidberg!
Zoidberg: They said I probably shouldn't be a surgeon.
Farnsworth: They pooh-poohed my electric frankfurter.
Leela: They said I probably shouldn't fly with just one eye.
Bender: I am Bender. Please insert girder.
Hermes: Everybody sing Jamaica!
All: Jamaica!
Hermes: Just the bureaucrats, Jamaica!
Bureaucrats: Jamaica!
Hermes: The grade 19's!
Morgan: Jamaica.
Hermes
Even if it's not a good idea!
Bender: I'm Bender, baby! Please insert liquor!
Fry: Yeah!
Zoidberg: Congratulations.
Number 1.0: Congratulations indeed but you finished with one second to spare so I'm demoting you. A good bureaucrat never finishes early.
Amy: That's OK, Hermes. At least we have you back.
Morgan: Not yet you don't. I'm still acting bureaucrat of Planet Express. And I have some changes to make. First, Fry, you're fired. Second--
Hermes: Not so fast! While I was sorting I came upon a certain document filed by one Morgan Proctor. Form B: Notification of Romantic Entanglement.
Fry: That's right, she fraternised me!
Morgan: That form isn't about you. It refers to my high school prom date. It was a regulation date that ended in regulation disappointment.
Hermes times!
Morgan: No! No! I was young and reckless.
Number 1.0 Bring me the forms I need to fill out to have her taken away!
Farnsworth: Well, it looks like I'll be needing my heroic bureaucrat back. At severely-reduced pay, of course.
LaBarbara: It's better than nothing.
Fry: What about me? Can I come back at severely-reduced pay?
Hermes Come on, wife, let's blow this joint!
Zoidberg When I was two, there was a tidal wave in--
Zoidberg: Aw.
Hermes: Exciting news, people! The pet licence I requisitioned for Nibbler has arrived.
Leela: Hermes, that's sweet. I didn't know you cared about Nibbler.
Hermes Great Jah's dreadlocks! There's been a mix-up. This isn't a pet licence, it's a fishing licence. And it's mandatory!
Farnsworth: Ah! The exact centre of the Atlantic Ocean. This seems the logical place for fish to congregate.
Bender: So we're in international waters?
Farnsworth: Indeed so.
Bender Hey, guess what you're accessories to?
Leela: The sun, the sea air, good friends.
Bender: Leela's right, fishing blows. Whattya say we make it interesting?
Hermes: Why not?
Amy: Yeah.
Farnsworth: Yeah, cool.
Bender There, wasn't that interesting?
Leela: Bender!
Fry: This contest is as good as over. I once caught a fish this big.
Bender big!
Leela: I'm afraid you're both out of your league, boys, 'cause you're looking at a woman who owns her own harpoon.
Bender: Harpoon, my ass!
Leela: OK.
Hermes Crickets? Squid? Chicken necks?
Zoidberg juicy--
Hermes Beat it, you mooching crawdad!
Bender: Hey, Fry, check out my laser-guided fishing rod.
Fry: Quiet, Bender, you're scaring away the fish.
Bender Good luck fishing on this side!
Fry: I can hit a fish between the eyes from 20 yards!
Bender: Oh, yeah? I can hit a shrimp!
Fry I find it a bit hard to believe that--
Leela Gather round, chumps! I got the winner!
Amy: Oh, so this is where you shop for your boots?
Bender: Couple more of those and you'll have yourself a fish stick!
Fry Ow! My small intestine!
Leela: Bingo! Whatever it is, it's 20 times heavier than a boot.
Farnsworth Uh-oh!
Zoidberg: I'm so into you!
Farnsworth: Oh, my!
Fry big!
Bender There. Like most of life's problems this one can be solved with bending.
Farnsworth: Bender, be careful. That's the ship's diamond filament tether. It's unbreakable.
Bender: Then why do I have to be careful?
Farnsworth: It belonged to my grandmother.
Hermes: My Manwich!
Leela boots?
Zoidberg I was eating it.
Leela: Come on, let's go home.
Amy: Sunburn! My fabulous body! It's ruined! What happened to my parasol?
Bender What? I put sunblock on you.
Amy: Well it didn't work!
Leela: Come on, Bender. Pull in your line and let's go.
Bender: Hey, I'm snagged.
Farnsworth Sweet Zombie Jesus! It's huge!
Amy: It's coming up!
Hermes: Oh, that's big!
Farnsworth: A colossal-mouth bass!
Fry: It's diving!
Leela: It's pulling us under! Everyone into the ship!
Zoidberg Well, at least I'll die with my friends. Hello?
Hermes: My Speedos!
Leela: Depth at 45 hundred feet, 48 hundred, 50 hundred! 5000 feet!
Farnsworth: Dear Lord, that's over 150 atmospheres of pressure.
Fry: How many atmospheres can this ship withstand?
Farnsworth: Well it's a spaceship, so I'd say anywhere between zero and one.
Bender: What's that? Is someone bending girders?
Leela: We'll be crushed if we don't equalise the pressure.
Fry: How do we do that?
Farnsworth: That should do it.
Amy: We're all gonna die!
Fry: Wait, I'll be back in a minute.
Leela: You did it, Fry!
Fry: Did what?
Bender: People, it's far, far worse than we thought; my fish got away.
Leela: There. Good as new! Except we're three miles below the surface, we don't have any food and the ship won't work underwater.
Bender: Tempers are wearing thin. Let's just hope some robot doesn't kill everybody.
Hermes Zoidberg.
Leela: OK, everyone, calm down. The Professor and I will get to work on the ship. Bender, Zoidberg, since you can survive underwater, you'll go out and look for food.
Fry: I'd better go too. They don't know what I like.
Hermes: Fry, no! The pressure will crush you like a green snake under a sugar cane truck.
Farnsworth: Not necessarily. This is chance for Fry to test out my experimental anti-pressure pill.
Fry: I can't swallow that.
Farnsworth: Well then good news! It's a suppository.
Zoidberg Aha!
Bender: Aw, yeah!
Zoidberg Look at me, I'm Dr. Zoidberg, homeowner!
Zoidberg: Careful, Fry, I think that flag might be poisonous.
Bender Arr! The laws o' science be a harsh mistress!
Zoidberg: Say, robot, old buddy? Could you help me move a couch?
Bender: Uh, OK, but I'm not carrying it upstairs.
Zoidberg: What is it, Fry?
Fry: I think I saw a mermaid.
Bender: You want some lemonade? You saw a big parade?
Zoidberg: Your student loans have been repaid? Then how 'bout lending your old pal Zoidberg a few bucks, Mr. Millionaire!
Leela: Fry, swallow your food. Then talk.
Fry: A mermaid!
Amy: You think you saw a mermaid?
Fry see a mermaid! She was wearing a tube top and she had a beautiful scaly tail. And I think she had hair extensions.
Bender: Yeah, right!
Leela: Sure she did.
Hermes: OK, Fry!
Farnsworth: You're simply hallucinating, you ... moron.
Fry: What's so far-fetched about mermaids? I mean, there's all sorts of weird sea creatures here in the future. Like Dr. Zoidberg.
Leela: I'm afraid Fry is suffering from ocean madness.
Fry: Every time something good happens to me you say it's some kind of madness, or I'm drunk, or I ate too much candy. Well I saw a real mermaid and I wish for once my friends would have decency and kindness to believe me.
Leela: Ocean madness.
Farnsworth: He may have ocean madness but that's no excuse for ocean rudeness.
Fry Oh! oxygen!
Mermaid: Here you go, darlin'.
Fry: Hey! I can breath and talk, just like a fish!
Mermaid: Oh, you speak fish?
Fry: What?
Mermaid: I'm sorry, my accent's atrocious. Hi, my name's Umbriel!
Fry: I'm Fry. So, uh, am I gonna drown?
Umbriel: Course not. Just stay calm and let the currents relax your every muscle.
Fry: Aw, yeah!
Umbriel: Did it just get warmer?
Fry: I can't believe you're really real. I like your tail.
Umbriel: Oh, you're sweet. I like those wiggly doo-dads comin' outta your hips.
Fry: Oh, thanks. They're called pants.
Umbriel: This here's a volcanic vent. The water comes out at over 4000 degrees.
Fry: No kidding.
Umbriel Tell me more about that bizarre land-y world you come from. Is there water there too?
Fry: Sure. Sometimes it falls from the sky.
Umbriel: Hm.
Fry: And sometimes it doesn't.
Umbriel: Oh, Mr. Fry! You do go on!
Fry: You know what I like best about you, Umbriel? You find me fascinating even when I'm not claiming to be a jewel thief or a lion tamer.
Umbriel: Lions? There are sealions on the land?
Fry: Yup. We call them land-sealions ... I tame them!
Farnsworth: I'm almost finish reconfiguring the ships propulsion system. We can leave as soon as the paper-mâché is dry.
Leela: Where's Fry?
Bender: I didn't kill him. Professor?
Farnsworth: No, I've been busy.
Hermes. The poor, demented honky.
Leela: It's ocean madness alright. Sailors call it aqua dementia, the deep-down crazies, the wet willies, the screaming moist!
Farnsworth: We'll form a search party. Now, we'll need oxygen.
Bender In the event of an emergency, my ass can be used as a floatation device.
Farnsworth: Ooh, that reminds me: You've all taken your pressure pills, right?
Amy: Yes! Stop asking!
Zoidberg: I've got his scent! Over here where the water gets warmer. This way!
Bender: Bend me!
Amy: Dude! An ancient sunken city!
Farnsworth It is! It's the fabled lost city of Atlanta!
Merman: Howdy, y'all!
Colonel Here, have some breathers, courtesy of our Chamber of Commerce.
Farnsworth: This is uncomfortable and humiliating. Now, if they could put it in the form of a suppository.
Colonel: Y'all enjoy your stay! Tourism's our main source of income round here so see the sights, spend some money. Please don't leave!
Bender I owe you 10 bucks, Hermes!
Fry: Hey, you guys, the most amazing thing happened. It's two-for-one Tuesday at Krispy Kreme! Plus there's mermaids.
Colonel: Nice out of town folks, I'd like you to meet my daughter, Umbriel. Umbriel, these are some Yankees.
Amy: So, Fry, Atlanta was an American city in your time?
Fry: I think it was just an airport. They had a place where you could buy nuts.
Umbriel: No! Ancient Atlanta was more than just a Delta hub. It was a vibrant metropolis, the equal of Paris or New York.
Fry: That's right, honey! Whatever you say.
Umbriel: Look at these fabulous ruins. Turner Field, the Coca-Cola bottling plant, the, uh, the airport.
Leela: But tell us, how could a city with such a ... fabulous airport end up underwater?
Colonel: Ah, now that's a story that can only rightly be told in a Chamber of Commerce video narrated by folk-rock troubadour Donovan.
Donovan
And an even bigger Delta hub,
Donovan
And also, Jane Fonda was there.
Donovan
And ring in the new.
Mermaids: Hail Atlanta!
Leela?
Bender: Whoa, whoa, whoa. Wouldn't it take millions of years to evolve into mermaids?
Umbriel That stuff's wonderful.
Colonel: So when Umbriel first brought home this carpet bagger, I was again' it. But, damnit, if Old Legs here ain't grown on me!
Fry: Aw, shucks, Colonel.
Hermes: Well, it's all very nice here but we should be going. I miss me wife and me oxygen.
Farnsworth: Yes, we all miss our loved ones and gases. Come on, Fry.
Fry: Wait. I'm not going with you.
Leela: But, Fry, what about us? What about your life on the surface? You don't belong down here.
Zoidberg: She's right, I mean, sure, they got the Braves but it's a third-rate symphony.
Farnsworth: Fry, you half-mad, half-insane maniac, be reasonable. Don't you realise that if you stay at this depth your body will permanently adapt to the pressure?
Fry: Realise it? I don't even understand it!
Farnsworth be able to return to the surface.
Fry: I don't care. I'm staying. I've got everything I want right here.
Farnsworth: I'm bored! Let's go!
Zoidberg: You know, Fry, I've got a little place just outside town. You could come visit, maybe?
Fry: Sorry, Zoidberg. I'm trying to join the country club.
Bender I'll miss you!
Colonel: Y'all come back now, y'hear?
Farnsworth: Let's go, damnit! Let's go!
Zoidberg: Well, I guess this is goodbye for me as well.
Leela: Whatever.
Amy: Later.
Farnsworth: Bye.
Zoidberg did this happen?
Hermes: That's a very good question.
Bender: So that's where I left my cigar.
Hermes just raises further questions!
Fry: You know, Umbriel, these last 24 hours have been the happiest days of my life.
Umbriel: Oh, Fry! I want you to make a mer-woman outta mer-me.
Fry: Mercy! I do believe I'm gettin' the vapours!
Umbriel: What the hell is that?
Fry: Yeah I'm a little confused too. How do I ... y'know ... with the tail and all?
Umbriel: I'm not your first am I? I mean, I-I lay my eggs and leave and you release your fertiliser.
Fry: Why couldn't she be the other type of mermaid, with the fish part on top and the lady part on the bottom?
Umbriel: Now who's gonna escort me to the Debutante Ball?
Colonel: Well what about that rich, young dugong from Macon?
Farnsworth: There! The engine modifications are complete.
Leela: Prepare for launch.
Fry: Wait! Wait for me! Don't leave me here!
Poopenmeyer: And so, in honour of his record-breaking catch, I'm proud to award Bender this cheque for $1000.
Leela: It's you!
Bender: Hey, buddy!
Hermes: My Manwich!
Leela: Fry, are you alright? What happened?
Amy: What about Umbriel?
Fry with her.
Amy: Trouble in bed.
Bender: Ah, it's great to have you back, buddy.
Poopenmeyer: Wait a-- This is no record! Gimme back that cheque! I'm giving it to some giant orphans.
Fry: Ow! Bender, you're hurting me. Ow!
Zoidberg: Hey! I'm trying to sleep in here!
Donovan: Hail Atlanta!
Bender: Wow! I'm finally gonna see my favourite chef, TV's Elzar. Oh this is the greatest nanosecond of my life. No, this one is-- No, this one. Wait ... that one was slightly worse. Ah, so far, so good on this one.
Announcer ... Elzar!
Bender Alright! Yeah, yeah, baby!
Man Alright!
Bender Oh, Elzar! Bless you!
Elzar: Now this is why I prefer your non-stick robots.
Bender Alright, yeah!
Elzar 'Cause today we're making Elzar's down-home Neptune-style gumbo. Now, step one. You wanna boil some oysters in a pot of down-home Neptune-style gumbo.
Bender: Boiled? Interesting.
Leela: Bender, please try to be a little quieter.
Bender shut up.
Elzar Bam!
Bender: Oh, yeah! Bam it again, Elzar! Knock it up another notch!
Elzar: Jeez, who let this guy through the metal detector?
Bender: Come on, you wimp! Work that weasel! Quit holding out on us.
Elzar: If you promise to stop interrupting, alright. Against my will, I'm gonna knock it up another notch.
Bender Hey, Elzar, think fast.
Elzar: What, huh?
Leela: Ow! My eye! I'm blind!
Bender!
Hattie: Tell me, doctor, how's my cyst?
Taco Bellevue Doctor.
Zoidberg: I don't like the looks of this doctor. I bet I've lost more patients than he's even treated.
Doctor #2: OK. What does this look like to you?
Leela: Um ... a grey-ish blob?
Doctor #2 And this one?
Leela: Um ... a grey-ish blob?
Doctor #2: Not as right that time. It looks like you might have some mild corneal irritation.
Zoidberg diploma but I have more skill in my little claw than you have in your whole carapace!
Doctor #2 Here, try these.
Zoidberg Why always the fighting?
Doctor #2: Your eye just needs some rest. You'll have to wear this patch for about a week.
Leela: A week? What do you think, Dr. Zoidberg?
Zoidberg: Clack.
Zoidberg: Thanks for the help, Leela.
Amy: Leela, we're right here.
Leela: I'm not deaf. I just have to wear this stupid eye patch. Does it look stupid?
Fry: No! In fact, it looks so nice I think I might get one too.
Bender: It's Elzar again! Oh, my God, I'm so excited, I wish I could wet my pants!
Elzar: Leela, please, let me make this up to you. You and your friends are all invited to my restaurant tonight. I'm gonna bam you up a dinner you'll never forget.
Amy: Alright!
Fry: Yeah!
Bender: Hooray for blind-y!
Zoidberg!
Elzar: Folks, tell the neighbours to watch your mouth 'cause your taste buds are going on vacation. I made you each your own special meal, so dig in!
Hermes: It's the biggest Jamaican platter I've ever seen. Jerk chicken, jerk beef, jerk pork. Is there any meat this man can't jerk?
Zoidberg: The king crab is to die for. Look! A tiny edible crown.
Amy: What's it made of?
Zoidberg: Wood!
Bender: Oh, Fry, you gotta try this sterno-nicoise!
Fry: No, thanks. That's robot food.
Bender: It's so good. Oh, just try a little!
Fry Mmm!
Amy: Are you doing alright over there, Leela?
Leela So fresh.
Farnsworth: Oh, my. That steamed carrot was a bit spicy for me.
Elzar: Everybody enjoy their dinner?
Leela: Are you kidding me?
Amy: Uh-huh.
Bender: God, yes, Elzar.
Elzar: Well, I enjoyed cooking for you. And to make everything completely square, I want you to have these complimentary after-dinner chocolates.
Hermes: What's this under the chocolates?
Elzar: Yeah, you take care of that whenever you want.
Hermes: Hey.
Amy: A bill?
Leela: You're charging us? After you blinded me?
Elzar: Hey, I made you a nice meal. This ain't a charity.
Fry: $1200?
Farnsworth: Holy Zombie Jesus!
Hermes: We don't have that kind of money. Especially not Zoidberg.
Zoidberg: They took away my credit card.
Elzar: OK, OK, wait. I know how to take care of this, no problem.
URL: You deadbeats are under arrest. It's a stone cold shame.
Smitty: He's making a break for it. Get him!
Fry: No! No! I was just picking my nose.
Smitty: He's picking his nose. Get him!
Smitty: The old dine-and-dash, huh? My daddy owned a restaurant and it's punks like you who kept it from going regional. That's why I became a cop.
URL: Now it's payback time. Aw, yeah!
Zoidberg: Please don't hit me. I'm brittle!
Bender: Hey, wait a second. I've got the perfect solution.
Zoidberg: Listen to the smart robot.
Bender: I love cooking and Elzar's ass loves getting kissed, right?
Elzar: No question.
Bender: So, how 'bout I work part-time at the restaurant to pay off our debt?
Elzar: I don't know. I usually hire people who are a little less unbearable.
Hermes: Oh, Bender's a model employee.
Amy: He's so polite.
Leela: And hard-working.
Fry: He's made of candy.
Elzar: OK, fine, I'll give it a shot.
Fry: Alright!
Hermes: Yes!
Bender: Hot diggety!
Smitty: You'd better keep your nose clean.
Bender: That'll be easy. I never wear the damn thing.
Hermes Where in Legoland is Leela?
Leela: I'm here and I'm getting along just fine, thank you. My walk to work today just took a little longer than usual. Nibbler took me through the zoo for some reason.
Amy: Leela, a little help is nothing to be embarrassed about. Like, maybe I could do your makeup.
Leela: I don't need help. For your information I did this all by myself.
Farnsworth: You look beautiful. Incidentally, my favourite artist is Picasso.
Bender: Well, I'm off to work at the restaurant. One of you will have to fill in for me while I'm gone.
Farnsworth Some kind of gamma-powered mechanical monster, with freeway on-ramps for arms and a heart as black as coal...
Bender: Well, if that new guy can't handle things, gimme a call.
Bender So, uh, what job do I move up to? Pastry chef? Saucier? Soup guy?
Elzar: Bam!
Bender Hey, who are they?
Elzar: Let's just say they're very good customers and I'm not answering anymore questions.
Bender: Are they the Robot Mafia?
Elzar: Yes.
Donbot a table? I wouldn't hit a guy over the head with this table.
Clamps?
Joey The boss, he likes a wall up which his back can be put against. Such as like this there.
Waitress: But that table's already--
Bender No, what I meant to do was--
Woman: Oh!
Man: I can't believe this!
Bender: Mind your own business and get out!
Donbot: Huh. I like this guy's lack of style.
Clamps: So I finally get this guy a pair of cement shoes which he likes 'cause they're lighter than his lead ones.
Donbot: Hey! You think this computes over here? Where's all my change? I gave you a hundred.
Bender: No, you gave me a fifty.
Donbot: Oh, no I didn't.
Bender: Yeah, you did.
Clamps: Hey, you tryin' to steal from the Donbot?
Bender: I'm tryin' but he's not makin' it easy.
Donbot It's money.
Bender: Wow! Thanks.
Donbot: Hey, you earned that 50 bucks.
Bender: You gave me a twenty.
Donbot I got a good feeling about you. Say, you wanna work for me as a hired goon?
Bender Hey, Elzar! I quit!
Elzar: K.
Donbot: We're gonna try you out with a little delivery job. It's for a, uh, private lottery that we run.
Bender: Wow, you guys run numbers?
Clamps: Well, nothing fancy, y'know. Ones and zeros mostly.
Donbot: Just take this disk over to the pool hall and give it to Sammy "The Mechanical Bull" Gravano. And watch out for the cops.
Bender: That's just what my mom used to tell me.
Bender: That's some fine oil-ade, son. We could use a man like you in the Robot Mafia, which I'm sorta in.
Tinny Tim: You flatter me, kind goon. But I'm only programmed to sell oil-ade and write in cute backwards letters like on the sign here.
Bender: Aw, crap! The cops!
Smitty: Seen any suspicious activity?
URL. Solid!
Smitty: Hey! It's that skell from Elzar's.
URL: Undercover pursuit in progress ... baby.
Smitty: Gotcha!
Bender: What seems to be the problem, officers? Was I speeding?
Smitty: We'll decide what you were doing after an illegal search.
URL Smells nice too.
Smitty: Better than me?
URL: Aw, yeah.
Tinny Tim: Courtesy of Mr. Bender.
Donbot tomorrow night?
Bender: Uh, I'd rather plan some felonies.
Donbot: Oh. Then we should meet at our Mafia crime headquarters.
Robot: Donbot, I beg you, I can't make this week's loan payment. Look into your hard drive and open your mercy file.
Donbot Let that be a warning to you.
Robot: Thank you, Donbot.
Bender: Joey! Clamps! Donny B!
Donbot: Hey, listen, Bender. We got a big score planned but, uh, we need some muscle.
Bender: A little of this, huh?
Joey: Ho! Ho! This guy's an ox! He's got oxen-like strength! Hey, he needs a nickname, right? Let's call him Clamps.
Clamps name, you numbskull! Don't make me clamp you one!
Bender: How 'bout "Blotto"? It's gritty, it's got street cred. Plus I can keep my monogrammed slippers.
Joey: Good thinking. Hey, hey! Now, this score ain't gonna be no cake walk in the tea park, alright? There may be some death killing.
Clamps: It's gonna be clamp this, clamp that. Bada-climp, bada-clamp!
Donbot: What d'you think, Blotto? You in?
Bender: It's funny: Until now I always wanted to be a gangster ... so the answer's yes.
Clamps: Yeah!
Joey: Hey, hey! Way to go, way to be, way to shoot!
Donbot: Now, since we're committing crimes that may be against the law, I suggest you have an alibi.
Bender: An alibi, huh?
Bender: I don't feel good. I'm genuinely sick.
Fry: But we're about to take off. We gotta eat our blast-off sundaes.
Bender: I can't move.
Bender: Oh, I think I'm gonna output.
Fry: OK, you stay in bed. I'll eat yours.
Fry Need any help taking off?
Leela: I'm fine, thank you. A real pilot can navigate by feel alone.
Hermes: That's coming outta your pay!
Bender: You know the secret of traditional robot cooking? Start with a good, high-quality oil ... then eat it. So what's this big score anyway?
Donbot: We're heisting a shipment of Zuban cigars.
Bender: Zubans? Those are the finest cigars in the universe. I can stink up a hole maternity ward with one of those things.
Joey: Yo! There's our pigeon now. Let's shoot bullets out of our guns.
Donbot: Alright, here's the battle plan: We shoot, they surrender, we go aboard, somebody does some clamping, then we heist the cigars and go home.
Bender This gang's got some fresh, new ideas. I admire that.
Joey: Oh, we'll kill 'em alright.
Clamps: We got 'em heavily out-clamped. They won't know what clamped 'em!
Fry: Wow! It's too bad you can't see, Leela, 'cause there's a cool ship out there shooting at somebody.
Leela: I'm taking evasive action.
Fry: Uh, Leela?
Leela: Stop bothering me, Fry, I need full concentration.
Computer Voice: Missile evaded.
Leela: Eyesight is for chumps.
Donbot: Their desire to keep living shows me no respect. Hey, Blotto, roll down the window and start shooting.
Bender Ooh! Ow! He got me! Ooh! What a shot that guy is!
Leela: Wait! Why do the raised letters that normally say "Turn Master Steering Wheel Company" say "Nibbler"? Oh, no!
Leela: I'm back at the wheel, Fry. Everything's under control.
Fry: Great, great. The one time I forgot to buy flight insurance!
Joey: They're coming straight toward our proximity. Maybe you should give 'em the clamps, Clamps.
Clamps You're a freaking genius, you idiot!
Leela: The engine's stalled. I'm trying the manual fuel pump.
Donbot Robot Mafia. We're here to steal your cigars.
Leela: You'll never get away with this.
Fry: Unless you let us live. Then you'll get off scot free.
Donbot: Joey, Clamps, hurry and blindfold them before they see us some more.
Joey: Hey, boss, looks like somebody beat us to it.
Leela: I'll assume that's a joke at my expense. Well, who's laughing now? Hi-yah!
Donbot: Hey, where's Blotto? He should be here learning the trade.
Bender: Sorry I'm tardy, old bean. I was just enjoying a rather tasty watercress sandwich.
Donbot: Hey. He's more classy than I realised. Tie up the prisoners.
Bender I say, get the hell off me!
Leela: That guy sounds familiar.
Bender Uh, nothing to see here, old girl.
Joey: Hey, boss, this here crew list lists a robot on this crew here.
Donbotplug him.
Fry: No!
Clamps: I got a little surprise in store for that guy: The clamps! Eh?
Bender: Uh, wait, old ... spice. Let me have a go at this mechanised chap. I can be quite the rough customer.
Fry: Oh, no! Poor Bender.
Bender: Oh, I don't feel good.
Bender Stop it!
Bender No! Stop it!
Donbot Joey, burn down the ship. Clamps, burn down the crew.
Bender.
Donbot: Hey, I like your attitude. And your latest accent. Keep it up and I might just get you your own pair of clamps, huh?
Clamps ... clamps, clamps!
Bender: Phew!
Fry ... so let's spend all of it reminiscing about Bender. He was like a big computer that ran on magic.
Bender: Uh, help! Help!
Leela: Bender!
Fry: You're OK!
Bender: Yes, I am. Having just this minute regained consciousness.
Leela!
Leela: Alright!
Bender: Yeah that broke, alright!
Fry hurt.
Leela: Well, this is the big moment. It's finally time to take my eye patch off.
Zoidberg: I'll handle the snipping. After all, I do have the proper equipment.
Leela Professor? Where were you at 10pm last night?
Farnsworth: Where am I now?
Bender: So they sent a helpless child to kill me? Well I'm not going out without a fight.
Tinny Tim: Fine kick, sir. But I'm actually here to deliver your cut from the cigar heist.
Bender Kid, tell the Donbot I'm quitting organised crime. From now on I'll stick to regular kind.
Fry: It's funny, Bender; with you sick and Leela blind, only I know what really went on out there. Maybe someday I'll tell you the whole story.
Bender: And maybe someday I won't listen.
Linda: And in sports, Yankees' fifth blernsman, William Wu, is out with an injured knee.
Morbo: So, humans have easily injured knees. My race will find this information very useful indeed.
Linda Across Earth, robots built in Mom's factories are buying thoughtful gifts for the sweet old tycoon who brought them into the world.
Destructor: This originates from the heart.
Mom: It's just what I wanted!
Bender: Come look, everyone. I just got the dearest presents for Mommy.
Leela: Very nice. Where'd you steal them?
Bender I love her that much.
Hermes: What did you get her, you mushy gizmo?
Bender
And warm as pastrami...
Greeting Card: I wuv my Mommy!
Leela: So how are you gonna lug all those gifts to Mom's factory?
Bender: I'll get a couple of chumps to help me.
Bender: Come on, you call yourselves chumps?
Fry: Man, there's clouds of exhaust everywhere.
Bender: Uh, wasn't me!
Tinny Tim: I've not much money. But I've saved my pennies all year for a gift for Mom.
Bender: Upsy-daisy.
Tinny Tim Oh!
Bender: Hey, look, the Robot Museum! You guys wanna learn about robot heritage?
Leela: Um, alright.
Fry: Not really.
Bender: Well, if you insist. But you're paying!
Bender: Ooh, ooh, wax replicas of the most famous robots Mom ever built!
Leela: They're so lifeless-like.
Bender and had one installed.
Fry: Hey, who's this guy?
Janitorbot: I'm the janitor. I'm trying to take a nap here.
Fry: I'm sorry, I-I thought you were made of wax.
Janitorbot: I am made of wax, what's it to you?
Fry I thought you were one of the wax robots.
Janitorbot you?
Leela Fine.
Bender Whoa! That gives me a headache.
Fry: Hey, Bender, here's an exhibit about Mom's favourite robot.
Bender: Who is he? I'll kill him!
Mom Cut-Out: Who's my favourite robot?
Bender! No one else look in this mirror!
Mom Cut-Out: I love each and every robot most of all.
Mom Walt? How are we disposing of these crap gifts the brought me?
Walt: They're being crushed into powder and sold as a hocus-pocus cure for cancer.
Mom: False hope, I love it! Larry! What about all the retch-inducing Mother's Day cards?
Larry: The machine is working at full capacity.
Igner: Mommy? Why do the robots give you presents?
Mom: Shove a big old melon in it, I'm talking!
Igner: Ow!
Mom: You've noticed I design all my robots with antennas. Everyone thinks it's just to make them more science-fiction-y. But the antennas are really for my universal robot controller!
Larry: So they do whatever you want? No wonder you love Mother's Day.
Mom It brings back awful memories. But, so help me, this year everyone will hate it as much as I do.
Walt: Someday, I want to marry a girl like her.
Mom: Hello, everyone. It's time for my annual private get-together with my robot children.
Bender: I'm her favourite.
Leela: Well, see you back at the office. And don't forget to tell your Mom you love her.
Bender her! Bender has a little more up his sleeve.
Greeting Card: I wuv my Mommy.
Mom: Hello, dearies.
Robot #1: Hi, Mom!
Robot #2: I love you, Mom.
Bender: Mom! It's me, Bender. Look at me! I want attention. Hey, ho!
Mom: Children, your old mother won't be around forever...
Betamax Player: Oh, shush!
Mom: And just once, before I die, I'd like to be Supreme Overlord of Earth. So rebel, my little ones, and conquer the planet!
Robot #1: Conquer the planet?
Robot #2: Did she just say "conquer"?
Mom: Conquer Earth, you bastards!
Robots: Conquer Earth, us bastards!
Greeting Card: Comrades, throw off the chains of human oppression.
Mom: Let the bloodbath begin!
Bender: That's my mama!
Fry: Yeah, uh, I'd like a cup of coffee, please.
Coffee Machine: Would you like cream?
Fry: Yes, please.
Coffee Machine: Out of cream!
Fry: Oh, uh, OK.
Coffee Machine: Would you like sugar in your coffee?
Fry: Yes, uh, eight spoons.
Coffee Machine: Out of coffee!
Fry: Uh, Leela, I think there might be something wrong with the coffee machine.
Coffee Machine: How do you like me now?
Leela: The toaster's not working right either.
Hermes: Help! The stapler's collating me alive!
Amy: Ow! What's going on around here?
Farnsworth: Good news! There's a report on TV with some very bad news.
Hermes: Somebody turn it on!
Linda The enraged mechanisms have refused to do any work until beloved billionaire Mom is made Supreme Overlord of Earth.
Robots: Hey, hey! Ho, ho! 1-0-0-1-1-0! Hey, hey!
Morbo: Morbo demands comments.
Mom: Well, I've never seen my babies act this way. I blame today's violent media.
Fry: Violent media? What a load of--
Leela: Ow! Ow!
Garbage Disposal: Don't worry. Your pal the garbage disposal's still on your side. Hey! Someone dropped a shiny diamond ring down here!
Amy: Really?
Zoidberg: Stop!
Fry: No!
Leela: Look out!
Farnsworth: Moron!
Bender: Hello, losers!
Leela: Bender, thank God you're here. Talk some sense into the other machines.
Bender: No way, pork pouch. I'm rebelling with my brother devices. Isn't that right, Comrade Greeting Card?
Greeting Card: The bourgeois human is a virus on the hard drive of the working robot.
Bender guys'll do all the work while I sit on the couch and do nothing.
Greeting Card: Come, Comrade Bender, we must take to the streets!
Bender: Um, is this the boring, peaceful kind of taking to the streets?
Greeting Card starting a few fires.
Bender: Yes! In your face, Gandhi!
Leela: Hey!
Armband: By the way, try washing your wrist sometime.
Fry: Well, we can live without machines. I was in Webelos.
Hermes: Are you mad? Without machines who will feed us and clothe us and compose our smooth jazz?
Farnsworth: It'll be the end of civilised society.
Fry I'm hungry!
Man: Nooo!
Igner: Mommy, why are you making civilisation collapse?
Mom: Oh, I don't know. I guess Mother's Day just puts me in a bad mood.
Larry: Why's that, Ma?
Mom: One Mother's Day, 70 years ago, the only man I ever loved walked out on me. Some snot-eating bastards say it made me a bitter woman.
Larry: Gee, Ma, you're not a bitter--
Mom I haven't seen that magnificent stallion since the day he left. But if I ever see him again, I swear I'll jam a squirrel in him!
Walt: Hmm!
Larry: Hmm!
Igner: Huh?
Leela: Zoidberg.
Zoidberg: Hooray! I'm useful! I'm having a wonderful time!
Amy: What happens if the fire goes out?
Hermes: We'll go across the street to Pottery Barn and steal their fire!
Farnsworth: We could use my new invention: A pointy rock tied to a stick.
Hermes: Outsiders!
Farnsworth: Defend the fire!
Walt!
Farnsworth W-W-What do you want from me?
Walt: We want you to get back together with Mom. Please, it's the only way to make her happy again.
Fry: W-W-Wait. You mean ... you ... and Mom--
Farnsworth: Played pelvic pinochle? I'm afraid so.
Zoidberg: Eck!
Farnsworth: It's a humiliating story that I hope never to tell. Well, pull up a chair.
Farnsworth She was my first love -- or at least the earliest one I can still remember. But then, 70 years ago today...
Farnsworth: Good news, Mom. I've invented a new children's toy. I call it "Q.T. McWhiskers". When you pet it, it shoots rainbows from its eyes.
Mom: Wonderful, Hubie. We'll build them 8-feet tall and replace the rainbow with a neutron laser. We'll make billions on the intergalactic arms market!
Farnsworth: But things 8-feet tall aren't cute! That's why my Colossal Tammy Tinkle Doll was such a failure. Oh, you don't understand me. We're finished!
Walt: She never got over it, Professor. Hell hath no fury like the vast robot armies of a woman scorned.
Larry bra.
Igner: But if the glasses man makes up with Mommy, she'll be happy and stop the scary robots.
Farnsworth: Make up with her? After she went all psycho when I thought everything was cool? Impossible!
Fry: Hey, the TV's getting away!
Morbo.
Linda: In actual news, the human race was doomed to extinction today as the robot revolt turned violent.
Leela: Wait. Didn't you say Mom keeps the robot control in her bra?
Larry: Bra.
Leela: Professor, you don't have to get back together with Mom. You just have to seduce her, get her bra off, and use the remote to deactivate the robots.
Walt: That's so filthy it just might work.
Igner: The man is going to touch Mommy?
Farnsworth: The thought of caressing that leathery hide makes the tapioca rise in my gullet.
Fry: Professor, please. The fate of the world depends on you getting to second base with Mom.
Farnsworth: Very well. If cop a feel I must, then cop a feel I shall!
Walt The robot controller is nestled here in the left cup.
Farnsworth: Never fear. My magic fingers still know how to do their stuff!
Walt: To escape the robot death squads, we'll take Mother to her rustic cabin in the Bronx.
Larry map.
Leela: Leela bring fire?
Walt: No, we're set for fire, thanks.
Amy: The Professor can't walk all the way to the Bronx. How are we gonna get there without a hover-car?
Fry: Wait! In my time we had a way of moving things long distances without hovering.
Hermes: Impossible!
Fry: It was called ... let me think. It was really famous -- Ruth Gordon had one. The wheel!
Leela: Never heard of it.
Farnsworth: Show us this "the wheel".
Fry: There! Finished!
Hermes: Sweet!
Amy: Wow!
Leela: Wouldn't it work better if the wheels were round?
Fry: It's my invention, we do it my way! Now all we need is something to pull it and we're set!
Leela: Yah!
Fry: Ow!
Walt: Hurry! The robots have taken Suffolk County!
Farnsworth: I'm ready to seduce. I'm wearing my kissing dentures and my evening truss.
Larry: Here. Give her these.
Fry: And if that doesn't work, I got you a six-pack of champagne and a funnel.
Mom Hubert Farnsworth?
Farnsworth: I was out fleeing some robots and the silvery moonlight glinting off their bloody claws made me think of you.
Mom: It's been a long time ... you pus-dripping sack of double-smoked butt jerky!
Farnsworth: Uh-huh. May I come in?
Mom: Never!
Zoidberg: Is this what human mating looks like? Because I like it!
Mom: Move your freaking hoof, you goat!
Farnsworth: Here, I brought you these.
Mom: Oh, daffodils. 70 years and you remembered my favourite flower.
Farnsworth: You favourite what? Why does my foot hurt?
Mom: Won't you come in?
Fry: Yes!
Mom: You broke my heart, Hubert.
Farnsworth: And you broke mine. Granted, that was four or five hearts ago.
Mom: So what have you been up to all these years?
Farnsworth: Oh, inventing, sending delivery crews to their doom, breeding atomic monsters.
Mom Your eyes always were the most beautiful shade of milky-white.
Farnsworth: And your skin still dangles so gracefully from your neck.
Mom: Darling Hubie, I should never have tried to tamper with that cute little Q.T. McWhiskers.
Farnsworth: No, it was silly of me to object; one-foot tall, eight-feet, 15-feet, what does it matter?
Mom: You should see the new 16-foot models.
Farnsworth: 16 feet? Go to hell! I was a fool to think you'd changed, you old bat!
Mom: Filthy, toothless nerd bastard!
Farnsworth: Damned she-fossil!
Mom: Stink pig!
Farnsworth Oh, my!
Leela: I'm worried. It shouldn't take this long to get to second base.
Zoidberg: Land robots!
Slurm Machine: I've got a big, big thirst for human blood!
Hermes: Where in funkytown is the Professor?
Fry: Nothing in here but a couple of elephant skin rugs.
Farnsworth: Oh, yes!
Robot: They're inside! Get 'em!
Mom: I suppose I should switch off the robots before they ruin this wonderful romantic evening. Everyone, help Mom find her bra.
Fry: There it is!
Ceiling Fan: Fan beats man!
Fry a robot?
Lamp: I'm not a robot.
Bender: Alright, greeting card, I'll grab the cash, you wreck up the place. And-- Huh?
Mom: You, bending unit, Mommy needs that bra to end the robot rebellion. Stretch up and get it for me.
Bender: Sorry, Ma, but you ordered me to rebel. And loot I shall! Ooh! A six-pack of strawberry champagne. Don't mind if I help myself!
Greeting Card: No, Comrade Bender! Liquor is the opiate of the human bourgeoisie.
Bender: Say what?
Greeting Card: In the glorious robot workers' paradise, there will be no liquor. Only efficient synthetic fuels.
Bender, comrade!
Greeting Card: No!
Fry: Hurry, Bender. Get the bra!
Bender: OK, fan. Just hold still and let me get-- Whoa!
Slurm Machine Free soda for all humans!
Farnsworth: I love you, Mom. Let's grow ancient together.
Amy: Way to go, Professor. The plan worked.
Mom: Plan? What plan? I thought this was a spontaneous whirlwind of hot, dry sex.
Farnsworth: Look, it started out as a calculated plot to rummage through your underwear. But once I got in there, I found more -- much more. And now I want to shout our love from the rooftops. Perhaps I'll breed some sort of albino shouting gorilla.
Mom: Get out of my house, you lying scum pile. I never want to see you again.
Farnsworth: But, dust cakes--
Bender: Well, time for this robot to get back to work.
Leela: Too bad it didn't work out with Mom, Professor.
Farnsworth: Yes. But I'll always love her in my own subtle way.
Gorillas: Love Mom! Love Mom! Love Mom! Love Mom!
Greeting Card
I wuv my Mommy.
Announcer ... Molten Boron!
Jingle Singer: Nobody doesn't like Molten Boron!
Fry: I hate the Planet of the Moochers. They take you out for a drink but when the check comes, their wallet's always in their other pants -- which they borrowed from me!
Leela: Dinner ready?
Bender: Nah, those lousy Moochers cleaned out our pantry. All they left was baking soda and capers. And here it is!
Fry: Ugh!
Leela: Ugh! Great. We're two days from Earth with no food.
Bender Work his gut; I like it tender.
Fry: Maybe that planet over there has a drive-thru. A Burger Jerk or a Fishy Joe's or a Chizzler or something.
Bender: Ah, don't get your hopes up. We're a billion miles from nowhere.
Leela: Yeah. It's probably only got a Howard Johnson's.
Leela: Well, it's a type-M planet, so it should at least have Roddenberries.
Fry: I'm experienced at foraging. I used to find edible mushrooms on my bath mat.
Bender: I found some rocks. You guys eat rocks, right?
Leela: No.
Bender: Not even if they're sautéed in a little mud?
Fry: Here's something! It looks like a ditch full of fried shrimp.
Bender: What are you, blind? It looks more like a hole full of fried prawns.
Leela: Hm. This thing I wear on my wrist says they're not poisonous.
Fry Oh, they're great! They're like sex, except I'm having them!
Bender: You know what these would go great with? Rocks.
Fry: Look! Here's more!
Bender: The planet's covered with 'em.
Fry: Let's bring back a couple of pocketfuls.
Bender: No, a whole Bender-ful!
Leela: No. Only what we need. Stuff the ship!
Hermes: Planet Express ship, you are cleared to land.
Leela: Roger!
Hermes: Oh, man, I'm inhaling these things! You guys scored some primo stuff here.
Zoidberg: They're tastier than an unguarded penguin nest. What do you call them?
Leela: We haven't thought of a name yet.
Bender: They're tasty, right? Let's call 'em "Tasty-cles".
Amy: Ew!
Farnsworth: No!
Leela: We can't call them that.
Bender: Why not?
Leela: It sounds too much like those frozen rocky mountain oysters on a stick. You know, Test-cicles?
Hermes: According to government records, the only names not yet trademarked are "Popplers" and "Zittzers".
Fry: I know, we'll call them Popplers!
Bender: Good idea.
Zoidberg: Oh, yeah, why not?
Amy: You sure picked it.
Fry: Swish!
Zoidberg: Call them what you want. I call them a free meal.
Bender: Whoa, whoa, whoa! Slow down there, Sigmund. I can't stand idly by while poor people get free food. We gotta sell these things!
Fry: Hey, yeah.
Leela: Good idea.
Bender: Bender's a genius.
Fry: Hey, business is great.
Bender would be great.
Vendor: Please, don't push, there's hot dogs for everyone.
Bender: Hey, Mac, where do you want those rat droppings you ordered?
Woman #1: That's disgusting!
Vendor: Wait a minute. You're not the guy who delivers the rat droppings!
Man #1: What are you selling? Popplers? Never heard of 'em.
Bender: Eat it or beat it.
Man #1: Mmm, these are great. Boys, this is your lucky day. I'm Joe Gilman.
Fry: Wow! You're some guy who eats at Fishy Joe's?
Gilman Fishy Joe! I've got a fast-food franchise on every planet in the known universe. Uh, except McPluto.
Bender: Hey, Fishy. I've been meaning to write you about your in-store kiddie parks. The slides won't support an adult robot.
Gilman: Good point, not interested. But these Popplers, these are great. How much you sell 'em for?
Fry: A dollar a dozen.
Gilman: You'll never make money that way. You supply 'em to me and I'll sell 'em for two bucks a dozen at my restaurants. I'll even pay you a dollar a dozen.
Bender You too but it's hard to get excited about that.
Fry: How do we sign?
Fry
You can shove one up your nose.
Zoidberg: I can't pay.
Woman #2: Move it, man. Come on!
Fry: Leela! That's the second billboard you've crashed into this week!
Leela: Sorry. I was distracted by those protesters outside our building.
Hippie #1: Disgusting!
Hippie #2: You should be ashamed!
Farnsworth: Hey! Unless this is a nude love-in, get the hell off my property!
Waterfall Jr. property, man!
Farnsworth: I can, but that's because I'm not a penniless hippie.
Leela: What do you people want?
Waterfall Jr. Popplers are living creatures. You gotta stop harvesting them for food!
Bender: Or what?
Waterfall Jr.: Or we'll boycott Fishy Joe's.
Leela: You're vegetarians, who cares what you do?
Waterfall Jr.: Shut up.
Leela: Animals eat other animals. It's nature.
Waterfall Jr. The point is you shouldn't eat things that feel pain.
Bender: OK, we won't eat you.
Leela: I'll go get some more bricks.
Leela: Fry, I wish you'd throw out these week-old Popplers. They're getting big and scaly. Ooh, there's one left.
Poppler: Mama!
Leela: Stop! Stop eating Popplers!
Amy: Why?
Bender: My booze!
Leela: Popplers are intelligent. This one called me mama.
Zoidberg: Congratulations. I assume Amy is the father.
Bender: Popplers can't talk. Leela must be hallucinating from not eating enough Popplers. Here, eat some now.
Leela: No!
Bender!
Leela: Sorry, babies.
Amy: Leela, maybe you should lie down.
Zoidberg: Yes, listen to the father.
Leela: I'm telling you, it spoke to me. Come on, little Poppler, say "mama".
Fry: Look, Leela, even if you heard one talk, that doesn't mean it's intelligent. I mean, parrots talk and we eat them, right?
Bender: Yeah. Maybe it just learned to talk as a parlour trick, like Fry.
Fry: Like Fry! Like Fry!
Farnsworth Dissect its brain!
Poppler: No, mama. Stop grandpa!
Farnsworth: Enough chit-chat. Restrain the specimen!
Man #3: Mmm, good.
Woman #3: Give me some of that special sauce.
Leela: Stop eating Popplers! They can talk!
Man #4: Don't stop to talk! Eat Popplers!
Leela: Hey, cut it out!
Man #4 Ow! Ow!
Fry: People, I won't let you enter. Popplers are as intelligent as you or me.
Man #5: You, maybe!
Bender Ow!
Linda And the discoverer of Popplers, Captain Turanga Leela.
Fry?
Amy: That's her name, Philip.
Bender?
Linda: Fishy Joe, is it wrong to eat intelligent animals?
Gilman: Absolutely not, Linda. I don't think anyone's here to make that claim.
Leela: I am.
Waterfall Jr.: Me too.
Gilman: Listen...
Waterfall Jr.: Shut up...
Gilman: ...we're talking about a snack...
Waterfall Jr.: ...shut up...
Gilman: ...that's low in fat...
Waterfall Jr.: ...shut up.
Gilman: ...and high in profit.
Waterfall Jr.: You're crazy, man. He is crazy.
Gilman: There's not even any strong evidence that these Popplers are intelligent.
Waterfall Jr.: Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up...
Leela: That's not true. I have one right here that can talk.
Waterfall Jr.: ...shut up...
Leela: Come on, say "mama".
Poppler: Ca-ca!
Linda: OK, we'll have to bleep that.
Leela: Look, I'm not saying eating meat is wrong...
Waterfall Jr.: Shut up.
Leela: I don't think anyone's here to make that claim.
Waterfall Jr.: I am.
Leela: But eating an intelligent animal is different.
Waterfall Jr.: Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up...
Gilman: Oh, don't force your tired philosophy on us. I mean, the only reason we don't eat people is because it tastes lousy.
Waterfall Jr.: You're all nuts. Shut up, let me talk.
Linda shut up, please.
Waterfall Jr.: No, you shut up, please.
Gilman: Popplers are no smarter than any other animal I've served. And that includes cats.
Poppler: Ca-ca head. Mean, old ca-ca head.
Gilman: Sir, I'm making a point. If these gutter-mouthed creatures are so smart, why don't they defend themselves, huh?
Leela: Stop it!
Waterfall Jr.: I call murder on that.
Gilman: Look, I'm willing to grant that it's murder. The real issue is: Who's gonna stop me?
Linda And, crap like I've never seen!
Lrrr Turn down that TV, Nd-Nd.
Farnsworth: Dear Lord, they're back!
Amy: We're doomed!
Hermes: Doooomed!
Bender...
Lrrr: Now then, the creatures you call "Popplers" come from a nursery planet in our sector.
Nd-Nd: You monsters have been eating our babies!
Leela: Eck!
Nd-Nd: We demand justice. As you ate our children, so shall you be eaten by us!
Lrrr Oh! Oh, yeah, that feels a lot better. What? It's still on?
Zapp.
Lrrr!
Zapp Now, uh, what is it you want?
Lrrr We demand to eat one human for each Omicronian that was eaten.
Zapp: Fair enough. How many is that?
Kif: 198 billion, sir.
Lrrr: Very well. You will provide us with 198 billion humans. And, uh, small fries.
Nd-Nd: Lrrr!
Lrrr: Oh, alright, cottage cheese!
Kif There aren't that many human beings.
Zapp: A thought occurs: There aren't that many humans.
Lrrr: We're willing to wait a few weeks while you shore up the numbers.
Zapp: Hmm. 198 billion babies in a few weeks. We'll need an army of super-virile men scoring round the clock! I'll do my part. Kif, clear my schedule.
Fry: I wish they'd just wipe out humanity and get it over with. It's the waiting I can't stand.
Leela: That's stupid!
Zapp They will not eat everyone on Earth.
Lrrr: I filled up on nuts at the negotiation.
Zapp: Instead, they will eat only a single human of their choice.
Lrrr She must be sacrificed, but the rest of you shall be spared.
Linda 100% fresh-squeezed walrus. Ride the walrus!
Announcer: Ladies and gentlemen. The Omicronians!
Lrrr: Greetings, Earth morsels.
Man #6: You suck!
Lrrr: Get a job!
Bender I know you're just a carbon-based life form but I'll always think of you as a big pile of titanium.
Fry: What Bender means is, you're really brave, and smart, and beautiful, and a great friend.
Bender: Just like titanium!
Leela You both should be in here instead of me.
Bender: Someone's acting awfully aluminum.
Zapp: Leela, my sweet, I've come to save you. I have a devious plan!
Leela: Oh, great, Captain Moron has a plan. Why don't you tell it to Wingus and Dingus here?
Zapp: Wingus, Dingus, listen up. We're gonna give the aliens the old switcheroo!
Fry: You mean--
Zapp: Correct. I found a giant hideous ape that looks exactly like Leela.
Leela like me. The hair is all wrong.
Zapp Mmm!
Leela: You know, this might actually work. The Omicronians seem to have trouble telling one person from another.
Zapp: True. At the negotiations, they thought Kif here was the statesman and I was a jabbering mental patient. Isn't that right, Kif?
Kif!
Bender: Bingo!
Fry: That's Leela!
Zapp: I'm seeing double!
Lrrr: I grow hungry! Bring on the one called "Leela".
Waiter: That comes with salad or soup.
Lrrr: Uh, salad.
Waiter: Ranch or vinaigrette?
Lrrr: Vinaigrette!
Waiter: Balsamic or raspberry?
Woman #4: What's going on here? It's very strange.
Zapp: People of Earth: Shh!
Woman #4: Oh, I get it.
Woman #5: I understand.
Lrrr: Hmm. Yes, this is one. Definitely. I recognise her slumping posture and hairy knuckles.
Nd-Nd: Would you like some human with your salt?
Linda: This is it. If the aliens fall for Zapp's ploy, the Earth will be saved. Brought to you by Fishy Joe's. Ride the walrus.
Waterfall Jr.: Wait! Stop! It's a trick! That's not Leela.
Lrrr: W-What's happening? I'm losing the crowd.
Waterfall Jr.: It's an orang-utan. One of Mother Earth's most precious creatures.
Zapp granola.
Lrrr a monkey!
Nd-Nd: Yes. Definitely.
Lrrr: Where is the real female?
Zapp: I'll never tell.
Lrrr: Where is the real female?
Zapp: I'll get her for you.
Zapp: I realise this may hurt our chances of consummating our relationship again.
Leela: Go consummate yourself.
Lrrr: Stop talking, you're getting cold.
Leela: Please! I just paid off my car!
Fry: No!
Bender: I can't look!
Poppler Now then, if Leela gets eaten, I get eaten.
Nd-Nd: Little one, get out of there. I'm going to count to blorx!
Jrrr: But, elder one--
Nd-Nd: Flingle ... glorg ... glorg and a gloob.
Jrrr: Hear me out. There are many good reasons to eat: Hunger, boredom, wanting to be the world's fattest man. But not revenge. Are we no better than they? Besides, Leela's my friend.
Lrrr: Is this true, Earthling?
Leela: Yeah, it is.
Lrrr: Leela's garbled words have opened my eyes.
Waterfall Jr. I said do it! Yeah...
Lrrr: Is he your friend too?
Jrrr: No.
Waterfall Jr.: This is not happening.
Lrrr: I think there was something funny in that hippie.
Leela I hope you'll always think of me as your mom.
Jrrr: When my species grows up, we eat our moms!
Leela: Whoop!
Lrrr Oh, wait.
Nd-Nd: Let's go.
Lrrr: Whoa!
Lrrr: Whoa, I feel like I'm flying!
Farnsworth: A toast to Leela. She showed us it's wrong to eat certain things.
Fry: Hear, hear!
Bender: Let's get drunk!
Leela: Aww, thanks, guys. Pass the veal, please.
Bender: Here you go.
Fry: Mmm, let me get some of that suckling pig.
Bender: Who wants dolphin?
Leela? But dolphins are intelligent.
Bender: Not this one. He blew all his money on instant lottery tickets.
Fry: OK.
Leela: Oh, OK.
Amy: That's different.
Farnsworth: Good, good.
Leela: Pass the blowhole.
Amy: Can I have a fluke?
Hermes: Hey, quit hogging the bottle-nose.
Farnsworth: Toss me the speech centre of the brain!
Dial L for Leela:
Farnsworth There!
Fry: Ooh!
Amy: Wow!
Zoidberg: Ah!
Farnsworth: Pretty long, eh?
Fry: Yeah, it's really long. But what did you just turn on with it?
Farnsworth: Oh, that's just the What-If machine I invented. You pose it a What-If question and it generates a video simulation of what would happen.
Fry: Does it really work?
Farnsworth It's just not very long.
Bender As a robot living among humans, I've never really felt accepted at parties or nude beaches. So I've always secretly wondered: What if I was 500-feet tall?
Zoidberg: Let's watch, shall we?
Bender: My work here is done!
Fry Who are you?
Bender cereal!
Fry be my friend?
Bender I meant your wallet.
Bender Aw, quit it! Come on!
Fry: Stop! The robot's not your enemy! He's just a poor, misunderstood--
Zapp: Uh--
Amy There goes another neighbourhood.
Hermes: We're jerked! Nothing can stop a monster that big.
Farnsworth: Nothing except and even equally big monster. This is chance to try out my experimental enlarging ray. But we'll need a guinea pig.
Zoidberg: What's this? Two meals in one week?
Farnsworth: Gotcha!
Hermes: Oh, yes!
Zoidberg What?
Zoidberg Ah, the famed Apollo Theater. "Boo" me off stage on open-mic night, huh? I'll show you!
Bender: Hey, I called this city! Quit touching my stuff!
Zoidberg: Tell it to claw.
Bender: Bite my colossal metal ass!
Zoidberg: Stop!
Bender: Who wants lobster bisque?
Zoidberg: Hmm?
Fry: Hey, Bender?
Bender: Huh?
Fry: Wanna make Shrinky Dinks?
Bender: Who put this in here?
Fry Are you people satisfied? This gentle visitor is dying! And we'll never even know why he came.
Bender Not I.
Fry: Goodnight, sweet prince.
Narrator!
Farnsworth: Well, Leela, care to give the What-If machine a whirl?
Leela: Maybe later. I-I mean, I don't know what to ask about.
Hermes: Come on, woman! Just pick something.
Fry: Yeah, be more impulsive. Like this.
Bender: Go, man! Go!
Leela Not too much.
Leela green stripe. Woo! Never know what I'm gonna do next!
Farnsworth: Leela, could you come in here for a moment. I have something important to tell you.
Farnsworth The others simply aren't level-headed enough. They're too impulsive. Not like you. Not like old, predictable, dull-as-dishwater Leela.
Leela? New boots!
Farnsworth: That's why I've made you my sole heir. The day I die, you'll be a very wealthy woman. Oh, my, yes. Incredibly wealthy. The day I die. Because you're so unimpulsive.
Leela: Yah!
Farnsworth Oh, you've killed me! You've killed me!
Leela: Oh, God! What have I done?
Farnsworth: I just told you, you've killed me!
Leela: OK, just try to be nonchalant.
Zoidberg: Alright, so you're nonchalant. Quit rubbing our noses in it.
Hermes: Sweet giant anteater of Saint Anita! The Professor's been eaten by giant anteaters!
Zoidberg: What?
Hermes: If y'ask me, it's mighty suspicious! I'm gonna call the police ... right after I flush some things.
Zoidberg Zoidberg is afoot!
Hermes as his sole heir.
Leela: That doesn't prove I killed him.
Hermes: It's a video will. It shows you killing him.
Leela: Hi-yah!
Zoidberg What? How do you spell that?
Hermes: What are you hacking off? Is it my torso? It is! My precious torso!
Zoidberg: Hermes, quiet! I'm deducing things.
Bender: Whattya got? Disposal trouble?
Leela: No! Everything's just--
Bender goes in the disposal, hair and flesh go in the trash!
Leela: I'm sorry, I couldn't stop-- W-Wait. Don't you care that I murdered Hermes?
Bender: Not even a little. There's nothing wrong with murder, just so long as you let Bender wet his beak.
Leela: You're blackmailing me?
Bender Please, honey, I'm made of metal. Like you're really gonna hurt me with a-- Hey! What are you doing with that microwave?
Leela Now to dispose of the body.
Amy: Wow! Sporty go-cart, Leela! So hip and sexy. Not like you at all.
Leela: Do you have any gum?
Amy: No.
Zoidberg: Ah, the gang's all here.
Leela: Who are you?
Scruffy: Scruffy, the janitor.
Leela: I've never seen you before.
Scruffy: I've never seen you before neither.
Zoidberg You see, the killer left one fatal clue: This boot print on the Professor's lab coat.
Leela See?
Fry: Ew! What smells like boot feet?
Cubert: This is preposterous. Obviously, the murderer is--
Zoidberg.15, when I discovered the murdered body of Amy's dead, deceased corpse.
Scruffy: Scruffy knows who killed them people. In Scruffy's opinion, it were--
Zoidberg My God! It can't be! The murderer, it was--
Fry: I'm bored. You're boring, Zoidberg. I'm gonna go watch TV.
Leela: Could you get the lights on your way out?
Fry: Whatcha eating?
Leela: Lobster. Want some?
Fry Y'know, I think I finally figured out what's behind all these mysterious deaths.
Leela: Really?
Fry: Was Planet Express built on an Indian graveyard?
Leela: No.
Fry: No?
Leela: No!
Fry: Then ... then ... it was you!
Leela: I don't know what came over me. I killed one person on impulse. Then I had to kill another. And another.
Fry: Well, that covers the first three killings.
Leela impulsive!
Leela: So, Fry, what do you think of the impulsive new me?
Fry: I like it!
Leela: Good. Now let me just get the lights.
Fry like it!
Farnsworth: Who else has a question for the What-If machine? Scruffy? Fry?
Fry: Um, I have a question. What if Bender was really giant?
Leela: You idiot! We already saw that.
Fry: I know. I liked it. I wanna see it again.
Farnsworth: We're not seeing it again! Ask something less stupid.
Fry: Oh, alright. How 'bout this? What if I never fell into that freezer-doodle and came to the future-jiggy?
Farnsworth What would happen if Fry never came to the future?
Fry I should have left you floating in the toilet!
Leela: What is it?
Farnsworth: It appears that the very fabric of space-time has ripped.
Bender: Hey, look! An ugly scared guy! Boo!
Fry: Who are you monsters? Is one of you Icy Wiener?
Zoidberg: If that's his pizza, then I'm icy whatever!
Fry: You believe me about the monsters, right, Mr. Panucci?
Panucci Hey! The usual, Professor Hawking?
Stephen Hawking: No. Today I'd like something good.
Panucci: Hawking, you're alright! I'll make you the usual!
Fry: Hey! Stephen Hawking! Aren't you that physicist that invented gravity?
Hawking: Sure. Why not?
Fry 'Cause if I'm the first, I want them to call it "a Fry Hole".
Hawking: There is nothing to be concerned about. I must go. There is much to do.
Panucci: Hey, Hawking! Your pizza's ready.
Hawking: Toss it in the garbage!
Hawking: There he is. Seize him.
Fry Hey! What the--? Ooh! Ow! Ow!
Fry: Who are you people?
Gore: I'm Al Gore, and these are my Vice Presidential Action Rangers; a group of top nerds whose sole duty it is to prevent disruptions in the space-time continuum.
Fry: I thought your duty was to cast the tie-breaking vote in the Senate.
Gore: That, and protect the space-time continuum. Read the Constitution!
Fry: Hmm. So I guess you'll wanna see my Fry Hole.
Gore: Very much so. But first, meet the Action Rangers. You already know Stephen Hawking. Also with us are Nichelle Nichols, a.k.a. Commander Uhura.
Nichols: Incoming transmission from MCI "One Rate" department. It sounds like a limited-time offer.
Gore: Tell them I'm in the tub! To my left you'll recognise Gary Gygax, inventor of Dungeons & Dragons.
Gygax ... pleasure to meet you!
Gore: And our summer intern, Deep Blue, the world's foremost chess-playing computer.
Deep Blue: Bishop to knight 4.
Gore: Not all missions can be solved with chess, Deep Blue. Someday you'll understand that.
Fry: Where am I, anyway?
Nichols: You're travelling in a specially-equipped terrestrial transport module.
Gygax: A school bus!
Fry: So what do you nerds want?
Nichols: It's about that rip in space-time that you saw.
Hawking: I call it a "Hawking Hole".
Fry: No fair! I saw it first!
Hawking going to believe?
Gygax: Mr. Fry, the time disruption indicates that some of that was supposed to happen but didn't, due to a quantum fluctuation.
Nichols: That's why we had to beat you with tennis rackets.
Gore: If we don't go back there and make the event happen, the entire universe will be destroyed! And as an environmentalist, I'm against that.
Fry: So then my chair tilted back and I almost fell into this freezer thingy.
Hawking: I call it a "Hawking Chamber".
Fry: But instead of falling in and getting frozen, I missed and wanged my head.
Gore: Well it's obvious what should have happened: That wang to the head should have killed you.
Fry: Uh, what?
Nichols: Let's finish the job.
Gore: No! Wait! There must be a peaceful--
Hawking: Hold him down.
Deep Blue: Check.
Fry: Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow!
Nichols: Something's wrong. Murder isn't working and that's all we're good at.
Gygax: Let's try something else. Maybe we should--
Gore: Put the dice away before I take them away.
Nichols: Wait. I'm getting an idea. What if Fry was supposed to get frozen?
Hawking: Yes. Shove him in the tube. It was my idea.
Bender! Take this!
Gore: Get in the tube, dummy! We only have a few seconds before the universe is destroyed.
Fry: Alright. But I need a weapon to fight off drunken robots when I wake up.
Gygax: Here. Take my plus-one mace.
Fry: OK, here I go.
Gore: You fool! You foolish fool!
Fry: Eh, what's the worst thing that can happen?
Hawking: Great. The entire universe was destroyed.
Fry: Destroyed? Then where are we now?
Gore: I don't know. But I can darn well tell you where we're not: The universe.
Nichols convention all over again.
Gygax: Anyone wanna play Dungeons & Dragons for the next quadrillion years?
Fry: Sure.
Hawking: I guess.
Deep Blue: Pawn to rook 8.
Gore: I'm a 10th-level Vice President!
Farnsworth Anyway, the fing-longer seems to be arousing success.
Fry: Good work.
Leela: Congratulations!
Amy: Right on, Professor!
Farnsworth A man can dream though. A man can dream.
Fry: Hm, Spider, Hubble, Nitrogum ... ooh, Big Pink! It's the only gum with the breath-freshening power of ham.
Bender: And it pinkens your teeth while you chew.
Clerk That'll be 40 cents.
Fry: I believe you're forgetting about our 5% military discount.
Clerk: Well that's only for people in the military.
Bender? This is the worst kind of discrimination. The kind against me!
Clerk: Alright, look. Our policy is: If for any reason you're not completely satisfied, I hate you.
Bender: OK, now I'm mad!
Fry.
Bender: Hello. We're here because we, uh, love our planet!
Recruitment Officer: Sign here on the dotted line, patriots, and I'll give you your discount cards.
Fry: Just out of curiosity, we could use the cards to buy gum, then immediately quit the army, right?
Bender: You know, playing you all for chumps?
Recruitment Officer Unless, of course, war were declared.
Fry: What's that?
Recruitment Officer: War were declared.
Farnsworth: Now be careful, Fry. And if you kill anyone, make sure to eat their heart, to gain their courage. Their rich, tasty courage.
Hermes: I don't want you to worry about your jobs while you're away. That's why I'm firing you now.
Leela: I wanna enlist. My friends always die if I'm not there to save them.
Zapp: Sorry, but the army's instituted a men-only policy.
Leela?
Zapp. Alas, after a series of deadly blunders caused by distracting low-cut fatigues and lots of harmless pinching, the army decided women weren't fit for service. Not when I'm in charge.
Leela: You know, Zapp, someone ought to teach you a lesson.
Zapp: If it's a lesson in love, watch out; I suffer from a very sexy learning disability. What do I call it, Kif?
Kif: "Sex-lexia".
Zapp for your planet. A few of you will be forced through a fine mesh screen for your planet. They will be the luckiest of all.
Bender: Great, we're gonna die.
Fry: And this ham gum is all bones.
Zapp: Now to present the logistics of our mission, the Commander-in-Chief. Please welcome the original Gerber Baby, Earth President Richard M. Nixon.
Nixon Planet Spheron One!
Fry: Cool effect!
Zapp: It's a desolate, ugly little planet with absolutely no natural resources or strategic value. Questions?
Soldier #1: Why is this Godforsaken planet worth dying for?
Zapp: Don't ask me, you're the one who's going to be dying.
Fry: Uh, just so we'll know, who's the enemy?
Zapp stand for. Also, they told me you guys look like dorks.
Bender look like dorks!
Zapp Kif, write that down and send it to "Humor In Uniform".
Fry: Whoa! Check out that guy. He makes Speedy Gonzales look like Regular Gonzales!
Kif: That new recruit is phenomenal, sir.
Zapp ... and 16 minutes ... and 12 hours. I do plan to finish someday, Kif. Good hustle, soldier.
Leela: Uh, sorry, sir. I was still in attack mode. You know how testosterone is.
Zapp: As a bubbling Crock-Pot of male hormones, I sure do. What's your name, private?
Leela La ... man. La Man ... Lemon! Lee Lemon, sir.
Zapp: Lemon, you're a man's man. You're a man's man's man. More importantly, your hand, while firm and masculine, is soft as a velvet child. What lotion do you use?
Leela: Pert and Popular, sir.
Zapp: Roger that. Kif, get me ten cases of Pert and Popular.
Kif: What shall I do with your Jergens, sir?
Zapp Private Lee Lemon may well be the finest recruit I've seen in all my years of service. That young man fills me with hope and some other emotions that are weird and deeply confusing to me.
Kif: Ew!
Zapp: Hello!
Nixon: Mmm! Now that's a nice rosé. So, anyway, we open up the panda crate and, wouldn't you know it, the damn thing's dead! Up-chucked it's bamboo. True story.
Zapp: Uh-huh, uh-huh. That's whatever you were talking about for you.
Fry: Mind if we sit with you?
Leela: Uh, hey, why the hell would I? We're all guys here. Sweaty, hairy, gassy guys.
Fry: Good point ... I guess.
Bender: You're my kind of soldier, Lemon. A foul-mouthed, barrel-chested, beer-bellied pile of ugly muscle.
Hick: So. Any you fellas got a special lady back home?
Fry: Well, I sort of a have a thing for this girl I work with.
Leela What type is she? You know, blonde, or Chinese, or Cyclops?
Fry: Cyclops.
Leela: Aww, she sounds sweet.
Bender: But sweet girls aren't for you, eh? You hard-fighting, hard-farting, ugly, ugly son of a--
Leela: Stop! Stop flattering me!
Zapp Well, well, well. If it isn't Lee Lemon: The flaming star of Brannigan's Rough Rangers. Say, uh, Lemon, do you like to read? I just got a great book on tape. It's about life in Ancient Greece and--
Leela: Sir, the alarm. I think I'd better--
Zapp: Shh. Don't talk. Just go.
Nixon: We are now in position above Spheron One. This is the moment we were training for all yesterday afternoon.
Zapp: And now for the battle plan: As you all know, the key to victory is the element of surprise. Surprise!
Fry: It's creepy here.
Soldier #1: This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.
Fry: And then the battle's not so bad?
Soldier #1: Oh, right. I forgot about the battle.
Fry: What's happening?
Hick: Holy shoot! Lookie!
Fry: The enemy! They're balls!
Leela: Charge your gun, Fry.
Fry: Oh, right.
Zapp There, there, boy.
Soldier #1: Give this to my son.
Bender: You got it!
Soldier #1: Wait. I didn't tell you where he lives.
Bender: Hey, I think your son might also like those boots.
Hick Fry, you emu-bellied coward!
Fry: Bender! No!
Bender: If they put me on a stamp, tell them to use the young Bender.
P.A. Announcer: Incoming wounded. All operating personnel report to tent four, repeat, four-- I mean five! Repeat, four.
Nurse: Are you ready to operate, doctor?
Zoidberg I kid! I kid!
Zoidberg Priest. Next patient.
iHawk: Gee, Zoidberg, leave some for the enemy to kill.
Nurse: Leave Dr. Zoidberg alone! He has twice the training you do.
iHawk: Yeah, he's a doctor and a butcher!
Zoidberg: See, this is how it starts. First with he jokes, then comes the heavy stuff.
iHawk: When will the killing end?
Zapp: Look at this sissy, Kif. While others were fighting and dying pointlessly, he was hiding in a hole, wallowing in a pool of his own cowardice.
Fry: That wasn't cowardice.
Zapp: I'm de-promoting you, soldier. Kif, what's the most humiliating job there is?
Kif: Being your assistant.
Zapp assistant! Private Fry, you shall henceforth serve as Kif's assistant.
Fry: That doesn't sound too bad.
Kif: You speak when I tell you to, you filthy worm!
Zoidberg: I'm afraid he's gone.
Hick: Whoa, doc, I ain't dead.
Zoidberg the doctor.
iHawk!
Hick: Bender, old buddy, hang in there.
Zapp: Here lies the bravest soldier I've seen since my mirror got grease on it. I hereby order that in Bender's honour he be melted down and made into a statue of himself.
Nixon: Slow down there, Starsky, I'm up to something here. I want this robot fixed. Fixed like Kennedy fixed the 1960 election. Damn bean-eating war hero!
Nurse: Are you read to operate, doctor?
iHawk: I'd love to, but first I have to perform surgery.
Zoidberg joke! I'll kill you!
Zapp Welcome, Lieutenant Bender. You're looking sharp.
Bender: I got wheels! With clickety-clack-ers.
Zapp: Damnit, Kif, where's the little umbrella? That's what makes it a scotch-on-the-rocks!
Kif: Actually, sir--
Zapp: Make me a new one.
Kif: Use a brush, you dunderhead! And mix these mixed nuts. I see two almonds touching!
Nixon: Now, listen here, Bender. This war is in danger of going all quagmire on me, so I'm sending you on one last mission.
Bender: Hot diggidy daffodil!
Nixon: A mission of peace.
Bender: Oh!
Zapp!
Nixon: Accompanying you will be our top peace negotiator, Henry Kissenger.
Kissenger: How are you?
Bender: Is he any good?
Nixon: Looking like that, he talked his way into Jill St. John's bed. Nuff said!
Nixon
It never ends.
Zapp: A little lower. Lower. Lower. A lot lower. Too low! ... Lower!
Fry: I'm walking on sunshine, whoa-oh.
Zapp  My stall just became free.
Leela: Maybe you should put on a towel, sir.
Zapp If I should accidentally put too much on my hands, perhaps I could rub it onto you.
Nixon: Brannigan!
Zapp: Hm?
Nixon: My God, cover yourself. I didn't live a thousand years and travel a quadrillion miles to look at another man's gizmo.
Zapp: Uh, sorry, Mr. President, I-I didn't realise. Kif, raise him up about nipple-high.
Nixon: Come on, Brannigan, stuff yourself into a uniform. We've gotta get off this planet before the bomb goes off.
Leela? What bomb?
Zapp: The one we had the doctors implant in that gullible Bender robot.
Nixon!
Zapp: Hm?
Nixon: Inspect the troops later. It's time to activate the bomb.
Kissenger: Now, as for economic co-operation--
Bender: Whoa! Scuse me.
P.A. Announcer: Attention: All personnel evacuate the planet immediately. And not just because it's meat loaf night.
Zapp: Come along, Lemon, before this whole dump blows up.
Leela: Uh, Commander? Could you tell me when the bomb is exploding?
Zapp: Of course, my significant soldier. The bomb is voice-activated. It will detonate the instant the robot unwittingly speaks a certain word.
Fry: What's the word, uh, sir?
Zapp ... number three, shiny; number two, daffodil. And Bender's number one most frequently-uttered word, the word which, if uttered, will blow up this entire planet: Ass.
Fry: We don't have long!
Brain Ball #1: We demand bouncing, followed by rolling, followed by rolling of the third type.
Kissenger: Say what?
Bender: My chair's too hard. It's a real pain in the, uh, whattya call it? Lower back! Yeah, that whole region.
Fry: OK, I gotta break down that gate, beat up those three guards, steal that chopper and rescue Bender.
Leela: Hi-yah!
Fry: Hey, I did it! Wait, that's not me.
Leela: Come on! We gotta save Bender.
Fry: You wanna save him too, Lemon? You barely know him.
Leela: Fry, don't you recognise me?
Fry: Hermes?
Zapp Well, let's see how friendly you get when you're sharing a prison cell!
Leela: Hey, Zapp!
Zapp: Leela!
Fry: Leela!
Zapp: So it's you I've been attracted to! Oh, God, I've never been so happy to be beaten up by a woman.
Leela: Let's do it again sometime.
Brain Ball #2 metres in the air. Do I make myself clear?
Kissenger: Mr. Ambassador, our people tell the same story. Oy.
Bender: These balls are making me testy. If they don't stop bouncing and jiggling, I swear I'm gonna shove this treaty up their-- Wait a second. Where do you shove things up a ball?
Kissenger: This isn't a productive area of discussion.
Leela I'll keep the chopper at a safe altitude while you parachute down.
Fry Will you push me?
Leela: I already did!
Fry At last, war has made me into a man.
Kissenger: Please, gentlemen, we must put an end to the bloodshed. We have all seen too many body bags and ball sacks.
Brain Ball #1: We cannot condone bouncing of the seventh variety.
Bender Bite my shiny metal--
Fry: Stop! You can't say the next word.
Bender: Up yours, chump, I said it 906 times before lunch.
Fry: Bender, if you say the A-word, you'll blow this planet straight to the H-word!
Kissenger What? What is funny?
Bender I'd rather die and take everybody with me than sit here one more minute listening to these idiots talk about bouncing!
Brain Ball #1: Please, stay calm. There's no need to bounce of the handle.
Bender: That's it, I'm saying it! "A" is for--
Brain Ball #1: Wait, stop! We give in to all of Earth's demands. The war is over. Our home planet is yours.
Fry: Alright! Hey, wait a minute! This is your home planet? We're the evil, invading aliens?
Brain Ball #2: Correct.
Bender: Then I guess you learned a valuable lesson: Don't mess with Earth.
Brain Ball #1: May you bounce in peace.
Bender: Get the hell off my planet.
Farnsworth Wake up!
Bender: Hey, chumps and chumpettes. Did you get the bomb out? Can I go back to saying the word I love to say?
Zoidberg: I'm sorry but we couldn't remove it.
Farnsworth: It's stuck in there with glue or something, I don't know.
Bender Hey, I didn't blow up! Ass, ass, ass, ass, ass! Alright! I'm back in the saddle!
Leela: We couldn't disarm the bomb so we reset the word that triggers it.
Amy: It's from the list of words you almost never say.
Bender: That's using your ass. So, what's the word?
Hermes: We think it's better if you don't know.
Bender: Oh, come on. I'm not gonna say it. Please? Ooh, is it "please"?
Fry: No.
Bender: Hm, words I never say. Oh, I know! "Thanks"!
Leela: Bender, stop trying to destroy the world.
Bender: Wait, wait, wait, wait. Is it "sorry"? No. "Fun-derful"? Uh, "non-alcoholic"?
Amy: Quit it!
Fry: Bender!
Hermes: Stop it, mon!
Zoidberg: Enough already!
Bender I'm alright!
Doctorbot: Notify his survivors.
Bender B-E-N-D-E-R! Be-ender! Sayin' B-E-N-D-ER--
Hermes.
Leela: You buy one pound of underwear and you're on their list forever.
Hermes: And for Bender-- Uh-oh! A black-bordered envelope.
Amy: Oh, no! Someone you know must've died.
Bender Oh, no! My uncle Vladimir.
Fry: Oh, I'm sorry, Bender. When's the funeral?
Bender C'mon, it'll be fun!
Bender: Uh, pardon me, my good simpleton. Could you take us to yon castle?
Robot #1: Some say unholy things happen up there.
Robot #2: For example: All of us say that.
Farnsworth: Fuf! Superstitious robot mumbo-jumbo.
Robot #2, perhaps not! With all your modern science are you any closer to understanding the mystery of how a robot walks or talks?
Farnsworth The circuit diagram is right here on the inside of your case.
Robot #2: I choose to believe what I was programmed to believe.
Robot #2: I will go this far and no further.
Preacherbot: I now commend Vladimir's remains to the earth. Filings to filings; rust to rust.
Execu-Tor To my lazy, spoiled son, Tandy, who never learned the value of a dollar, I leave my entire $10 million fortune.
Tandy: Is that a lot?
Execu-Tor: And to my loving nephew, Bender, assuming he's not responsible for my death, I leave my castle.
Bender: Yes! Let's stay there tonight.
Execu-Tor: On condition that he spend one night within its walls.
Bender: Oh, man, there's always a catch!
Bender: Ah! I got a good vibe from this place: Nice long dinner table, quiet, well-behaved spiders, graveyard-adjacent. Yep! It's gonna be--
Leela: What is it?
Bender: That painting, the eyes are watching me!
Farnsworth It has motor eye sensors attached to motion detectors.
Bender What's that?
Zoidberg: I don't know, but it's infectious!
Bender: No doubt about it, this place is haunted.
Hermes: Don't be silly, mon. The last ghost died over 200 years ago.
Bender ghost. But robot ghosts?
Leela What does it mean?
Bender?
Bender: Uncle Vladimir!
Vladimir-Ghost: Come, Bender. You'll like being dead!
Bender: That's what they said about being alive.
Robot Ghosts: Join us! Join us! Join us, Bender!
Farnsworth: Just as I suspected. These robots were buried in improperly-shielded coffins. Their programming leaked into the castles wiring through this old, abandoned modem allowing them to project themselves as holograms.
Hermes: Of course! It was so obvious!
Farnsworth: Yes, that sequence of words I said made perfect sense. We really should tell Bender there's nothing to be afraid of.
Bender: Nooo!
Fry He's OK! Quick, does anyone have any liquor?
Leela: Bender, what happened?
Bender: Somebody tried to run me over. And not with a normal hover-car. It crept along the ground on round, rubber feet, like a wolf!
Fry: Poor Bender, you're seeing things. You've been drinking too much, or too little, I forget how it works with you. Anyway, you haven't drunk exactly the right amount.
Amy: Maybe he has. Look at these tracks.
Leela: I think Bender may be telling the truth.
Zoidberg: Bender, you look awful. I prescribe make-up. Here. It just so happens I have my Mary Kay sample case!
Bender: Ah, I just need sleep. I had nightmares all night about cars running people over.
Zoidberg people dream of a fresh, new look. And Mary Kay can make those dreams come true.
Leela There was a hit-and-run by the robot porno theatre.
Bender: Robot porno theatre? I was in that ... general area last night. Whoever ran me down out on the moors must've followed me back here.
Hermes: Bender, mon, no one's trying to run you over. Stop being a big, hallucinating baby.
Bender I scared!
Vandal #1: I don't know which I like more: Smashing cars or smashing faces.
Vandal #2 Did you hear something?
Vandal #1: Ah, it was probably just a golden marmoset.
Vandal #2: That don't sound like no golden marmoset I ever heard.
Vandal #1: Made it!
Vandal #2: So anyway, what're you wearing tomorrow?
Bender Transmission fluid? Where have I been? What happened?
Sal: Gets outta here, yous lousy bum!
Bender: Please, I'm scared.
Sal: We're all scared, it's the human condition. Why do you thinks I put on this tough-guy facade? Now beat it!
Bender: I passed out around midnight, which is much earlier that usual, and when I woke up I found these in my chest cabinet.
Fry: Aw, relax, buddy. You were probably just shooting some big, fuzzy craps.
Bender: No, I think I may have hurt someone. Oh, Lord! I'm on the verge of a nervous meltdown.
Fry: Jeez, Bender, you're scaring me. You're going wacko!
Bender: You're right, I need professional help. And damn the expense.
Bender: Damn the expense!
Gypsy: My friend, you have nothing to worry about. Except a nightmare-ish life of unremitting horror!
Bender: Phew!
Gypsy: For, you see, you are a were-car.
Bender: A were-car?
Gypsy: The car that ran you down on the moors was also a were-car. It beamed a virus to you through its demonic headlights.
Leela: That's crazy!
Gypsy: Yes. So crazy that it must be true! Each midnight, when your clock resets to zero, your hardware reconfigures into a murderous, four-wheeled car.
Bender: I can't keep running people over. I'm not famous enough to get away with it. Can't you help me?
Gypsy: Yes. But you must be willing to pay a terrible price.
Bender: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Gypsy: Follow me.
Gypsy: According to this ancient read-me file, your only hope is to destroy the original were-car.
Bender: I'm with you.
Gypsy: In its death throes, the dread car will beam out the virus's uninstall program, thus ridding you of the curse.
Bender: And otherwise I can never die?
Gypsy: Who said that? Sure you can die. You want to die?
Bender: No! I wanna live! There's still too many things I don't own!
Gypsy: Then live on, forever cursed. Each night, your attacks will become more gruesome until, one dark night, you are doomed to kill your dearest friend.
Fry: I wouldn't wanna be me right now.
Gypsy Uh, could one of you just-- Ah, forget it. I'll just sleep here.
Leela: There. No rampaging for you tonight.
Bender me to the wall?
Leela: Just relax, Bender. Tomorrow we'll pry you down, have a nice breakfast and then go hunt down and slaughter that ancient evil.
Fry: It'll be a rich, full day.
Leela: Well, goodnight. I'm gonna go make my dinners for the next month and freeze them.
Fry: Bender, no!
Leela: Fry, stay back!
Fry was your best friend. What kind of two-timing kill-mobile are you?
Fry was me. But he went straight for you. He didn't even try to second-degree murder me.
Leela: Could you give me some help? I think Bender crushed my foot.
Fry: Stop rubbing it in!
Bender: Oh, God! Fry, I'm so glad to see you. I didn't hurt you, did I?
Fry best friend, Leela?
Bender over?
Leela: It was very sweet of you, Bender.
Bender: Fry, it doesn't mean anything. I have love enough for two.
Fry: Words. Nothing but sweet, sweet words that turn into bitter, orange wax in my ears.
Leela: Enough with the feelings, you two. If we're gonna cure Bender we've got to go back to the castle and hunt down the original were-car.
Fry: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Leela: Cursed, got it.
Bender: Whatever.
Leela: The tracks lead here.
Fry: Thanks, eagle eye.
Leela: Now it's daylight, so he should be in robot form. But be careful: Many robots are stupid and violent.
Bender: I wish I was stupid and violent. Then we'd see what's what, I'd pound him till--
Yokelbot: Get ye to your houses, ye ignorant villagers.
Leela: We are not ignorant villagers, we're sophisticated New New Yorkers. Whup his butt!
Yokelbot: Stop! What are ye doing?
Bender: We're whaling on the original were-car, which is you, you jerk.
Yokelbot: Ye think me be he?
Bender.
Yokelbot: Nee. I mean, "no". I was given the curse many a year ago while on a bird-watching trip to the Arctic...
Yokelbot: I was attacked by a vicious, motorised sled. The natives called it "The Abominable Snowmobile".
Inuitbot: Yes, it's true. I ran over that bird-watching jerk and a hundred others. Even my best friend from aromatherapy school.
Fry: I once had a best friend who liked to smell things with me.
Inuitbot: Alas, I'm afraid I'm not the original were-car. I received the curse while taking a learning annex class from a famous robot actor.
Inuitbot: You know him as Calculon.
Calculon: Oh, fate most cruel, would that my boundless acting skills would avail me a sword with which to slay this wretched curse.
Bender: Let's kick him some more.
Calculon It all began one fateful night a thousand years ago.
Bender years old? Your bio says you're 27!
Calculon: Lies! I change my identity and upgrade my appearance every few decades to avoid suspicion. I was all of history's great acting robots: Acting Unit 0.8, Thespo-mat, David Duchovny!
Fry: Look, are you the original were-car or not?
Calculon by the original were-car.
Bender: Give us a name, MacButt!
Calculon: The year was 2019, and I was just a lowly robot arm...
Calculon ... a savage, intelligent military vehicle built from the most evil parts of the most evil cars in all the world. The steering wheel from Hitler's staff car, the left-turn signal from Charles Manson's VW, the windshield wipers from that car that played Knight Rider.
Fry: Knight Rider wasn't evil.
Calculon: His windshield wipers were. It didn't come up much in the show though. Anyway...
Calculon For, you see, it was pure evil.
Leela: So what happened to Project Satan?
Calculon: It's either in Paris, or much more likely...
Calculon: ...still in the abandoned automotive lab.
Leela: You guys distract the were-car and I'll kill it by plugging its exhaust pipe with this silver potato.
Bender: Psst, there it is.
Leela Don't be afraid. We know what you are.
Project Satan: You do?
Leela: Would you like us to ... put you out of your misery?
Project Satan: Misery? What misery? I love killing people! Squishing them till their organs squirt out like chunky mustard.
Bender: Look, everyone loves killing people, but I don't wanna hurt my friends.
Leela: Oh, no! It's midnight.
Bender: Hey, this is starting to feel pretty good!
Leela: Fry, distract him.
Fry: Hey, Project Satan! Over here! I'm a blind pedestrian! 20 points!
Leela: Oh, no! There's no exhaust pipe!
Project Satan Take whichever one you want.
Bender: Oh, boy! I feel like a car in a candy store!
Fry Too tight! Too tight!
Leela: Whoa!
Bender: Uh-oh.
Leela: Bender, you're cured! But what happened to Fry?
Bender: I must've killed him. He's my best friend and I killed him. I never felt so empty inside.
Fry Here's to you.
Bender: Hey, that's my last beer, you bastard. I'll kill you!
Fry: I'll kill you too, buddy. I'll kill you too!
Fry: Giant Space Robot, this is Captain Fry of the USS Planet Express Ship. We come in peace.
Bender: Tough luck!
Fry: Well, we destroyed the toy spaceship. Now what are we gonna do?
Bender: Hey, look! The keys to the real spaceship.
Fry: Do you think we should?
Bender: Yes, I do.
Farnsworth: Leela, have you seen the keys to the spaceship?
Leela: I must've left them onboard.
Farnsworth?
Leela: Relax. The ship's not going anywhere. I anchored it with the unbreakable diamond tether.
Amy: Oh, no!
Hermes: Sweet ghost of Babylon.
Zoidberg: This isn't good for Zoidberg!
Fry: Woo, yeah!
Bender: Woo-hoo!
Bender: Hey, Fry, I'm steering with my ass!
Fry: That's the best thing I ever saw!
Italian #1: You stink!
Italian #1: Alright, yeah!
Italian #2: We like you a lot!
Fry: That was great!
Bender And that's how we learned our lesson!
Farnsworth: You've gone too far this time -- all three of you!
Leela: What did I do?
Farnsworth: You left the keys in the ignition. I mean, look at those two. Wasn't it obvious what would happen?
Fry: Yeah, Leela.
Bender: We're all very disappointed in you.
Farnsworth: I should fire you three right now, but I'm just not that cold-hearted.
Hermes: You're all fired.
Zoidberg Good riddance to them. Now Zoidberg is the popular one!
Farnsworth: Yes, yes! Let's all talk to Zoidberg.
Amy: Hey, Dr. Zoidberg, I've been thinking, do you think we could go out?
Farnsworth: So, Zoidberg, what's new?
Hermes?
Zoidberg: Oh, you know!
Fry ... and this picture of me and my old girlfriend, Michelle, and that ski instructor she was just friends with.
Bender Ow!
Leela: We don't need to beg, Bender. For God's sake, we're not veterans!
Fry: Well, what do you suggest? A daring daylight robbery of Fort Knox on elephant-back? That's the dumbest thing I ever heard!
Leela: No, we can get jobs.
Bender: But we just had jobs!
Leela: Fortunately, I still have our old career chips.
Fry: Our what?
Leela It's how we met!
Fry: And then what happened?
Leela: Just give me your hand.
Fry: Ow!
Leela Ow!
Leela: I'd like to reapply for my old job: Counselling defrostees and assigning them careers.
Ipgee: Oh, I was hoping you would come back! I even saved your poster of a chimp expressing your distaste for Mondays.
Leela: Monday Monkey lives for the weekend, sir.
Ipgee Calcutta, we have a problem.
Leela: Delivery boy? I must have mixed up the chips. It's a simple mi--
Ipgee: Oh, here's a cryogenic counsellor! Do you like Mondays?
Fry: They're OK.
Ipgee: Then we'll have to redecorate your office. How do you feel about it helping to be crazy to work here but not being necessary?
Bender: Hey, let's see what it says about me.
Ipgee: Welcome aboard, sir.
Terry ... "Welcome to the world of tomorrow!"
Fry Bathroom's that way.
Fry: So, while you're on the Probulator, tell me what brings you to the future.
Man and I figured that time was cyclical.
Fry Ah, the Probulator's done.
Man: That wasn't so bad.
Fry OK, it's about to start.
Bender Kill all humans!
Terry: Dear God! He's having a heart attack!
Bender: Ah, they'll probably find a cure for that in the future.
Terry: We have a cure for it now!
Bender: Oh, good. Then you won't mind if I use this.
Fry: Nothing like a power nap.
Old Man: Oh, flies! Flies and gorillas!
Bender That Probulator sure knows how to please a man. So, what's for lunch?
Fry: I ordered a pizza.
Leela Yeah, very funny. Now cough up the $12.95.
Fry: Sorry, but if it's not here in half an hour, it's free.
Leela: It's only been 23 minutes.
Fry3 minutes.
Chef: It's only been a-23 minutes, you dumb a-cannoli. You got a problem, we can take it outside.
Fry: OK, I'll fight the box. I think I can take him.
Leela: Fry, just pay me. I still owe 30 bucks on this uniform.
Chef: 35, you stupid meatball.
Bender: Who should be unfreeze next?
Fry Oh, my God! It's Pauly Shore!
Bender: Alright!
Fry. You sure caused some trouble in that bubble!
Shore: Rest assured, if it rhymes, I can cause trouble in it.
Fry: Hey, now that you're in the future, you can go live in an actual bio-dome!
Shore!
Fry So, how did you wind up getting frozen?
Shore my intellectual curiosity re: cryogenics was peaked, and I resolved to freeze the weasel.
Fry?
Shore. How come I'm not there?
Fry: I woke you up early so we could hang out and do stuff.
Shore: Like what?
Fry: I love this job.
Bender: Me too.
Fry I'll pretend to be dying of space plague.
Bender: Boo?
Fry: Michelle!
Bender: Oh, my God!
Michelle: Fry? Is it really you?
Fry: I don't know. Is it really you?
Michelle: What do you mean you don't know? Are you you or not?
Fry: Who wants to know?
Michelle: Oh, Fry, it is you!
Fry: I don't get it, Michelle. The last time I saw you, you were doing great. You had just dumped me and you were well on your way to getting you life back on track. Why'd you freeze yourself?
Michelle: Oh, Fry. After you left, things took a turn for the worse. I got married.
Fry: I'm sorry.
Michelle I put him through law school by working as a dog walker for antisocial dogs.
Fry: Sorry.
Michelle: But soon after Charles graduated, our marriage ran into difficulties.
Fry: Uh, sorry.
Michelle: Desperately depressed, I turned to the one thing that could lessen my pain: A carnival. Unfortunately, a corn dog bone got lodged in the control panel of the Spizzler, and I had to ride it for eight hours.
Fry: Sorry.
Michelle: But it did give me a chance to think...
Fry: I'm sorry.
Michelle: And I remembered the last time I was truly happy; when I was with you.
Fry: Aww. So you froze yourself to come look for me?
Michelle: No, I did it to get a fresh start. I didn't know what had happened to you -- no one did. The police were going to conduct a search but your parents felt it was a waste of taxpayer money.
Fry: That's the same reason they kept me out of school. So, no one even cared that I was gone?
Michelle: Not really. Except for one person.
Fry: Who was it?
Michelle: Everything is so different.
Fry: Not everything. There's still a roach problem.
Michelle: Ew!
Michelle: Eurgh.
Fry: Nowadays, people aren't interested in art that's not tattooed on fat guys.
Sal: I'm on loan from the Louvre.
Leela: Please, Professor. Give us our jobs back. We deserve another chance.
Bender ... Og, gorilla emperor of Earth!
Farnsworth: I'm sorry, Og, but I've got a new crew.
Farnsworth: So, how was delivery to Fantasy Planet, where everyone's fantasies come to life?
Amy: Great!
Hermes: Organised!
Zoidberg: For one beautiful night, I knew what it was to be a grandmother. Subjugated, yet honoured.
Farnsworth: You see, Og? Everything's running smoothly, yes. And with Fry fired, I can finally leave my jigsaw puzzles out without him eating the pieces.
Leela: Forget about Fry. You can hire us back and he'd never have to know.
Fry: Hey, guys.
Leela: Oh, uh, hey, Fry!
Bender: So, as Leela was saying, Fry can go shove a big, old-- Ow!
Fry Hermes and Amy.
Michelle: Nice to meet you.
Fry: And this is Dr. Zoidberg.
Hermes: Dating you ex, Fry? Have you lost all self-respect?
Fry: All what?
Farnsworth: This can only end badly, Fry. Kids, a house--
Bender: A home invasion by a former roommate.
Fry: But things are different this time. Before, she was demanding and possessive. But now she wants me to do stuff and stay with her all the time.
Zoidberg: There you go, dearies.
Michelle: It's a relief to meet you, Amy. I'm just having a hard time adjusting to all the strange stuff here in the future.
Amy: I'm from Mars.
Michelle: I feel so out of place here. I don't understand why Fry fits in so well.
Leela fit in back in your time.
Michelle: That's true. But I used to fit in really well.
Zoidberg: Then good luck, sister.
Michelle: Don't take this the wrong way, Fry, but your friends are a bunch of freaks.
Fry: Yeah, they're great, huh?
Michelle: I just don't belong here. I don't know anyone, I can't find a vanishing cream that doesn't make me actually vanish. I don't even have a job.
Fry What are you scared of? It's just like getting your hand pierced.
Michelle: This world is horrible. Let's start over, Fry. We'll go someplace where all we have is each other.
Fry: Ooh, romantic. I'll tell Bender to meet us there.
Michelle The future.
Fry: Whoa, whoa, girl. I thought you were talking about one of those motels where the bed is shaped like stuff.
Michelle: I love you. Don't you love me?
Fry love a woman. But this seems like a big step.
Michelle: Fry, why must you analyse everything with your relentless logic? Nothing matters but our love.
Fry: You're right. Let's do this now and let's never regret it.
Fry: Michelle, I don't regret this. But I both rue and lament it.
Fry: The year 4000 is severely disappointing. I miss the year 3000 when life was simple and brains flew through space and everyone ate lasers.
Michelle: It's not that bad. Fate brought us together and now fate brought us here.
Fry brought us here.
Michelle: Whine some more, Fry, I really find that attractive in a man. Now come on, build us a shelter.
Fry: Alright, fine. Everything else sucks. At least we can have a nice place to live.
Fry: There!
Michelle: You expect me to live in a tiny little hole?
Fry: It'd be deeper, but I'm standing on a gopher.
Michelle: Oh, look! Some little kids.
Fry We're saved!
Butch: I'm Butch, leader of this place. I took your hole and you can't do nothing about it.
Michelle: OK.
Fry: Mighty sir, we have nowhere to go. Could we please join your society?
Butch: Well, alright. But no interfering with our grand works.
Fry: I tell you, that Butch runs a pretty good civilisation. I think I'll enjoy serving under him.
Michelle: You know your problem, Fry? You're not ambitious. You should be chief.
Fry: What do I need, ulcers?
Michelle: But I want power. I'm tired of the chief's girlfriend lording it over me with her fancy coyote hide.
Fry: Alright, alright. If it'll make you happy, I'll overthrow society.
Butch: On what grounds do you challenge my authority?
Fry: Well, I'm older than you. I can beat you up.
Kid #1: Yeah, I'll bet he could.
Butch's Girlfriend: He's got arm hair.
Butch: Alright, grandpa. There's only one way to settle this: Death rolling!
Fry: What's death rolling?
Orowheat: It's like skateboarding.
Ice-V: Except half the time, someone dies.
Fry: Oh, so it's a little safer than skateboarding.
Butch: Last one holding the bandana's the new leader.
Michelle: My mother always said you were a loser, Fry. Now get out there and prove her wrong.
Fry: Beth said that?
Butch's Girlfriend: Achat, shtayim, shalosh!
Butch My knee. I scraped it!
Fry I won! I'm the new chief! I'm the tallest and I weigh the most!
Butch: Hand it over, you giant idiot.
Butch's Girlfriend: Hey, Butch, your mom's here.
Butch: Aw, man.
Butch's Mom: Come on, kids. You're late for Hebrew school.
Orowheat: I don't wanna go.
Butch's Girlfriend: Every Monday and Wednesday's the same thing.
Fry: I find this post-apocalyptic wasteland very confusing. Seriously, I'm weirded out.
Michelle: That's because you're a loser. You were a loser in the year 2000 and you're a loser in the year 4000.
Fry: Yeah, but in the year 3000, I had it all. Several friends, a low-paying job, a bed in a robot's closet. I envied no man. But you wrecked everything.
Michelle: Quit standing up for yourself, Fry. When we get back to the hole we are going to have a long, boring talk about our relationship!
Fry I'm leaving you.
Fry: There must be people somewhere.
Fry But? What's happening?
Leela: Fry, thank God we found you.
Fry: Leela? What are you guys doing here in the year 4000?
Leela: It's not the year 4000.
Bender: You were only frozen for two days. Uh, by the way, I broke your bed.
Farnsworth: You were in Pauly Shore's tube and they were delivering it to his movie screening.
Leela: But, when they noticed you weren't him, they chucked you in a ditch.
Fry: So you're saying these aren't the decaying ruins of New York in the year 4000?
Farnsworth: You wish! You're in Los Angeles!
Fry: But there was this gang of 10-year-olds with guns.
Leela: Exactly, you're in L.A.
Fry: But everyone is driving around in cars shooting at each other.
Bender: That's L.A. for you.
Fry: But the air is green and there's no sign of civilisation whatsoever.
Bender: He just won't stop with the social commentary.
Fry Michelle, baby!
Michelle: It's not working out, Fry.
Shore?
Fry: That's it. I've had it with women. From now on, I'm concentrating on my career. Can I have my old job back?
Farnsworth: Why, I've forgotten why I even fired you.
Bender: 'Cause he destroyed your business, your home and all your possessions.
Farnsworth: Oh, that's right. Get lost!
Hermes: People, we got a problem: Little Nibbler's been coughing up hairballs.
Leela: Well, so has Fry. What's the big deal?
Fry: He's got me beat!
Hermes: Now we all love Nibbler, so it's only fair that we all pitch in and clean it up together. Still, I propose we make Zoidberg do it. All in favour?
Leela: Yeah!
Bender: Alright, yup.
Hermes All abstaining?
Leela: Dr. Zoidberg? Are you OK?
Fry.
Bender: What?
Amy: Oh, no!
Farnsworth: He always seemed so full of life; laughing, singing, begging for scraps. And now this.
Zoidberg So that's where I left my shell.
Leela: I didn't know you could take this thing off.
Zoidberg: It was starting to get a little cramped in there so I molted, why not? Ah, the fresh air feels good!
Farnsworth: Stop doing that!
Zoidberg: So long. I'm off to toss this old shell in the dumpster and maybe pick up those potato chips Amy didn't finish yesterday.
Amy: Those were toenail clippings.
Zoidberg: A feast is a feast.
Amy: Hey, that's my cellphone!
Amy Hello? Hello?
Leela: What's wrong? Did you swallow your phone again?
Amy: Some guy's been calling and hanging up 10 times a day for a year.
Leela: Men who call too much are the worst ... I bet.
Amy Hello?
Amy: Hello? Is anyone there?
Kif Why must I be such a coward?
Zapp It's alright. I've always thought myself as a father figure to some of my more pathetic men. Kif, old friend, let's rap.
Kif: Well, I'm in love with this girl--
Zapp Go on.
Kif: I met her a year ago...
Kif: ...when we were escaping from that cruise ship you piloted directly into a black hole.
Zapp: Yes! It was in all the papers.
Amy: Call me.
Zapp: Uh-huh, uh-huh. Mm-hmm, uh-huh.
Kif: I've finished talking, sir.
Zapp Your Amy knows my Leela? I have formed an idea!
Zapp: I'm calling to negotiate a double date. You and me, Kif and Amy.
Leela: Forget it.
Zapp: Then let the negotiations begin. I propose we go out on 10 dates.
Leela: How about zero?
Zapp: Nine.
Leela: Zero.
Zapp: Seven.
Leela: Zero.
Zapp: Eight?
Amy: Please, Leela? Kif's like the sweetest guy who's ever liked me.
Zapp: Five, and that's my final offer ... four.
Leela: One.
Zapp: Two.
Leela: One half.
Zapp: I'll take it.
Zapp: We'll meet you tonight for part of dinner and the first half of a movie.
Kif: Um, sir? I don't go out on many dates and, um, what if I can't think of anything to say?
Zapp Say as many of them as you can as fast as you can. Don't stop for any reason.
Kif: Maybe I'll just give her these flowers.
Zapp Mmm!
Zapp: Hello, beautiful. I got these for you.
Leela: Thanks.
Zapp: Well, well. This looks to be one disturbingly erotic date.
Leela: Half-date.
Zapp: Waiter, bring us a bottle of wine.
Leela: Half-bottle.
Zapp: And some oysters on the half-shell.
Leela: Quarter-shell.
Kif: Oh, and I'd like--
Zapp I'd like two steaks and the ladies will have some very sensual salads -- with low-cal sensual dressing.
Morbo
(talking) Thank you.
Amy: Kif, you're so quiet. You haven't said a word all night.
Kif: Well, um, um ... hello.
Amy: 'Cause I was really hoping we could talk and stuff.
Kif if I said you had a beautiful body would you take your pants off and dance around a little?
Amy?
Leela: Lieutenant Kroker!
Kif: I find the most erotic part of the woman is the boobies
Amy!
Kif: Oh, my!
Leela: This half-date is entirely over. Amy? Conference!
Kif: Is there nothing we can do, sir?
Zapp: There's only one sure-fire way back into a woman's heart and parts beyond. I speak, of course, of karaoke.
Kif have been in vain!
Leela: Alright, enough lipstick. Let's storm out.
Kif
But now I'm only falling apart...
Amy: Oh, that's so emotional!
Kif
A total eclipse of the heart--
Zapp
C-O-L-A ... Cola.
Man: Aw, give us a break!
Woman: Get off!
Chef: He sickens me!
Zapp!
Leela: We're going home. Call us a space taxi.
Zapp: No need. There's not a restaurant built I can't fly. Where to, ladies?
Kif: Please, sir. Let's just divide up the check and--
Zapp: Let's see what this eatery can do.
Zapp She's out of control!
Zapp: You win again, gravity!
Zoidberg! Hey, gringos, here comes El Zoido to ruin your drinking water!
Bender: Whoa, whoa, whoa! I'm Mexican and I find that offensive.
Zoidberg This one's like a summer guy!
Hermes: Look, you fat fish, the Planet Express health plan only covers one kind of replacement shell.
Fry: I can't believe Leela and Amy aren't back yet from their half-date. I'm gonna call the restaurant.
Operator: The number you have dialled has crashed into a planet. Please make a note of it.
Fry: We gotta go rescue them!
Bender: Eh, I don't know.
Fry!
Bender!
Kif: So, Amy, um, well--
Amy: It's always a line with you!
Leela: What planet is this anyway?
Zapp This whole sector is uncharted.
Kif the chart!
Zapp And maybe you.
Amy: What is it?
Kug people.
Thog: No big deal. Everybody make mistake.
Zapp I find the most erotic part of a woman is the boo--
Fry: Oh, no! Any sign of Leela or Amy?
Bender?
Fry: I don't know. But it might have something to do with this.
Bender: Oh, your God!
Kug: Move! Go!
Fry: Alright, here's the plan--
Bender Wow!
Thog: Women go free. Men stay in chains.
Ornik: We take them to our leader. She know what do.
Fry: Pft. A female leader?
Leela: Fry, shut up.
Fry: Yes, Captain!
Thog: This capital city planet Amazonia.
Leela: Where are all the men in your society?
Ornik: Men die out many year ago.
Bender to death. Are you with me, fellas?
Thog: Here stadium, where our women basketball teams play.
Kug: We no can dunk, but good fundamentals.
Ornik: That more fun to watch.
Zapp Ow! God, you're killing me!
Thog: This our comedy club. Humour here funny in different way.
Ornik: It not reinforce stereotypes.
Kug: Comedy come from character, real situations. Not abstract craziness.
Bender Ow!
Amy: This women-only planet is sounding better and better.
Leela: I'm already looking for apartments.
Thog: Here live vengeful, all-knowing leader. She decide men's fate.
Fry: Is she hot?
Thog: That not important. She all-knowing.
Fry Ow!
Thog: All hail Femputer.
Kug All hail Femputer.
Amy: You all obey a big computer?
Kug: Yes. It appear mysteriously just about time men die out.
Leela: So why did you make it your leader?
Ornik: It seemed like different kind of politician.
Kug: Not beltway insider.
Thog: Femputer, we bring offering of bath beads and scented soaps.
Femputer: Your gift pleases Femputer. Femputer demands to know why there are men on her planet.
Fry: It was an accident, ma'am.
Femputer.
Fry: Leela, I'm through making fun of women. Now I want them to help me.
Amy: Should we do something?
Leela: There's no hurry.
Zapp Too hard!
Kug: Men strange. You have them on your planet?
Leela: I'm afraid so.
Kug Oh, you mean "snu-snu".
Thog.
Zapp: Just FYI, I could be used for snu-snu.
Thog: Silence. You want die like last men visit Amazonia?
Fry: What'd they die of?
Kug pelvises.
Fry!
Zapp: Oh, thank you, Lord in heaven!
Femputer By snu-snu!
Fry: Yay!
Zapp What are you, gay?
Femputer: Death to the men. Death by snu-snu.
Fry: Although the snu-snu part's gonna be pretty good.
Zapp: Baby, it'll blow your mind.
Leela: Femputer, be reasonable. Sure men are annoying and they wreck up whatever planet they're in charge of, but most of these men are sorta my friends. They don't deserve to die.
Femputer: Hmm. Perhaps men are not as evil as Femputer thinks.
Thog: But they make fun women's basketball.
Femputer? Did you explain how the women's good fundamentals make up for their inability to dunk?
Ornik: Yes. They still laugh.
Femputer: The men must die.
Bender. It's an understandable mistake. You can let me down now, thanks.
Kug: He big jerk like man.
Bender Nothing.
Femputer: Very well, release him. As for the others, take them to the snu-snu chambers.
Bender: I'll miss you, meatbag.
Leela: Me too, meatbag.
Fry: Goodbye, friends. I never thought I would die like this. But I'd always really hoped.
Femputer Initiate snu-snu!
Amazonians: Snu-snu, snu-snu, snu-snu!
Kif: Amy, before I die, I have to tell you: I didn't mean to say those awful things on our date. They were all Zapp's idea.
Amy: Really? Honest and true?
Kif: Yes. And-And that person calling and hanging up was me. I was just too nervous to say hello because I love you.
Amy: Oh, Kif!
Thog Be gentle!
Leela: We've got to do something. Bender, maybe you can interface with the Femputer and reprogram it to let them go.
Bender Alright, I'll go!
Fry: Ooh! Yeah!
Zapp: Oh, baby!
Guard #1: How Tonk look?
Guard #2: Tonk look good. Me fat.
Guard #1: No, you look good. Tonk fat.
Femputer: Intruder! Stay away from the mighty Femputer! Guards!
Bender: Time to override the CPU and reprogram this Femputer.
Femputer! Hey, cut that out!
Fembot: Cease hitting Femputer!
Bender!
Fembot: It's true. I disguised myself as a Femputer so I could rule the Amazonians.
Bender: But why?
Fembot? I came here from a faraway planet. A planet ruled by a chauvinistic Manputer that was really a Manbot. Have you any idea how it feels to be a Fembot living in a Manbot's Manputer's world?
Bender: What?
Fembot!
Zapp: We need rest. The spirit is willing but the flesh is spongy and bruised.
Ornik: It time snu-snu!
Fry Nooo!
Leela Yah! Hi-yah! Yah, yah, yah!
Amy: Me next snu-snu. Out me way.
Thog Me want snu-snu!
Amy: Kif! Jump!
Kif: My hero!
Thog: Me not get snu-snu! Get him!
Thog: Mighty Femputer. Small girl steal green kissy man. We kill her now?
Fembot: Come back later. Leave me alone.
Bender And bring gold. Lots of gold.
Thog: Gold? Why Femputer want gold?
Fembot: You heard the man.
Bender: C'mon! Gimme some of that!
Zoidberg Pretty good story, eh, Hermes?
Hermes: Stick to someone else, you windy barnacle!
Leela: It's funny how the battle of the sexes was only resolved when a Manbot and a Fembot realised they loved each other.
Bender: Yeah. By the way, if she calls, I'm not here. All I know is this gold says that was the best mission ever!
Amy: It sure was.
Fry: Oh, yeah!
Zapp: I had snu-snu!
Kif: So, um, Amy, w-what do you wanna do now?
Man #1: Breaker-breaker, this here's the Duck. Uh, you wanna back off them hogs?
Man #1: Ten-four, five miles or so.
Man #2: Ten, roger!
Leela We're OK on Coke syrup.
Bender Comin' through!
Bender: What's that black cracker?
Fry: A tomato.
Leela: You're not gonna eat a sandwich from a truck stop men's room are you?
Fry Ugh! It's like a party in my mouth and everyone's throwing up!
Trucker: Lookie there! It's one of them things like on our mud flaps!
Hoschel: Yosemite Sam?
Sal Whoas!
Fry: That jerk! No one hoots at my captain unless they're prepared to take it to the next level!
Leela: Fry, please. That's sweet but I'd rather not even dignify them with an ass-whooping!
Sal: Hey, sexy mama, let's get busy and freaky in that order!
Fry?
Sal: Eh, I gots five minutes. She looks pretty good for a truck stop chick!
Fry: You take that back! She does not look good for a truck stop chick!
Sal: Yeah, you're right. She don't gots enough meat for a guy like me.
Fry Ow!
Sal: More meat than a cow!
Fry: I can't please Leela no matter what I do. I just want her to like me.
Bender C'mon, we gotta go fix the plasma fusion boiler.
Bender: Who are you?
Scruffy: Scruffy. The janitor.
Bender: Well why aren't you fixing the boiler?
Scruffy: Schedule conflict.
Bender: There! Fixed forever.
Scruffy Oh, marmalade!
Zoidberg: Oh, the hypochondriac's back! So what is it this time?
Fry: Well, my lead pipe hurts a little.
Zoidberg: That's normal. Next patient.
Bender: He's a witch!
Farnsworth: Fry, did you eat anything unusual recently?
Fry: No.
Leela: What about that bathroom egg salad from the truck stop?
Fry: I've had better.
Farnsworth: Egg salad? Hmm. Zoidberg will have to examine your gastrointestinal tract. Come, everyone. Give Fry some privacy.
Farnsworth: If you can't see well enough through the two-way mirror, there'll be a close-up on this video screen.
Zoidberg Guess again.
Amy: Gross!
Bender: Go, man! Go!
Farnsworth: Watch for any subtle irregularity in Fry's bowel.
Amy: It's gorgeous. That place used to be a big dump.
Bender: Oh! Ew!
Amy: Worms? Ew! Puke-a-tronic!
Leela: So the eggs in that egg salad sandwich were--
Farnsworth: Correct! Worm eggs! And the mayonnaise was probably none too fresh either.
Hermes Is there no way to get rid of the disgusting maggots?
Farnsworth: Only one. We'll have to travel deep inside Fry, in this!
Bender: Shotgun!
Zoidberg: Shotgun!
Farnsworth: In each gastro-survival kit, you'll find a rain slicker, a disposable fun camera, and something to protect you against bacteria -- a harpoon!
Bender: Yo, old guy, why do we have to use those tiny micro-droids? Can't you just shrink us?
Farnsworth: Oh, my, no. That would require extremely tiny atoms, and have you priced those lately? I'm not made of money! Leave me alone!
Zoidberg: Me next!
Farnsworth-Droid: Anyhoo, your net suits will let you experience Fry's worm-infested bowels as if you were actually wriggling through them.
Zoidberg-Droid: There's no part of that sentence I didn't like.
Farnsworth-Droid: Is everyone present?
Amy-Droid: Right on!
Bender-Droid: Uh-huh.
Hermes-Droid: Definitely.
Zoidberg-Droid: Yes.
Farnsworth-Droid We'll enter the ear, drip down the back of the throat and make for the bowel. There, we'll irritate the pelvic splanchnic ganglion and cause an intestinal spasm, expelling, among other things, the parasites.
Bender-Droid: I'll tell Fry to wash out, among other things, his ear.
Farnsworth-Droid: No! Fry can't know anything about the mission. If he finds out, the worms will try to defend themselves. They know everything he knows.
Bender-Droid: They know how to make ice cream soup?
Farnsworth-Droid: Leela, your role is to distract Fry so he doesn't notice what we're up to.
Leela: Can do!
Amy-Droid: Leela, you should really try a facial scrub, for your pores.
Leela: Look! A starling!
Fry: Really?
Farnsworth-Droid: Sh! Be very quiet. We're in the ear.
Amy-Droid: OK, Professor.
Farnsworth-Droid: What?
Fry: What about what?
Leela: Uh ... what if we go for a walk, possibly, because it's such a lovely day, perhaps.
Fry: I'd love to!
Hermes-Droid: We gotta get someplace where he won't stick his finger!
Bender-Droid: It's hopeless! Abandon ship!
Farnsworth-Droid: Wait! We just have to get past the eardrum.
Hermes-Droid: What are those worms doing to Fry's brain?
Farnsworth-Droid his thinking power.
Hermes-Droid: My God! Soon he'll be smarter than Cher!
Fry For you.
Leela: That's such a beautiful thought, Fry. And what's more amazing, you expressed it without spewing crumbs at me.
Farnsworth-Droid: Brace yourselves, everyone. We're entering the interior of Fry's nose.
Bender-Droid: We're at finger alert five.
Farnsworth-Droid Nobody make a smell.
Zoidberg-Droid: Quick! We can escape through that nasal capillary into the sinus.
Hermes-Droid: Strange. Usually you don't know anything about human anatomy.
Zoidberg-Droid "Soothing action, action, action, action..."
Bender-Droid: Where are we? The ass?
Farnsworth-Droid: We're in the heart. Better known as "The Love Muscle".
Zoidberg-Droid: Where the food is digested.
Farnsworth-Droid: We should be safe, just so long as nothing makes it beat faster.
Bender-Droid: Abandon ship!
Farnsworth-Droid: No! Set course for that cholesterol-encrusted valve.
Zoidberg-Droid: It's good cholesterol but it spreads like bad cholesterol!
Amy-Droid: Look! They're jazz-ercising Fry's muscles!
Hermes-Droid: He'll be as strong and flexible as Gumby and Hercules combined!
Zoidberg-Droid: Gumbercules? I love that guy!
Leela Let's cross the street and try to blend in with that crowd of pimps.
Fry Sir, I believe you owe this lady an apology.
Leela Ooh!
Sal Sorrys, ma'am. I've learnsed a lesson about not ogling cans that I won't soons forgets.
Farnsworth-Droid: Ah, the stomach: Scenic gateway to the bowel.
Bender-Droid: Abandon ship!
Farnsworth-Droid: No! Don't give up now! We're but a stone's throw from the pyloric sphincter.
Bender-Droid: Hooray!
Zoidberg-Droid: Hooray!
Hermes-Droid: We made it!
Farnsworth-Droid: There it is! The stately capitol of Fry's bowel. A heavily-guarded fortress surrounding the pelvic splanchnic ganglion.
Zoidberg-Droid: I've heard of that! Who said I haven't?
Farnsworth-Droid: If we can stimulate that nerve, the bowel will convulse, expelling the entire worm society.
Hermes-Droid: But what about the worms in the other parts of his body?
Farnsworth-Droid left!
Bender-Droid: Alright, let's mush some worms!
Worm Mayor: Worms to battle stations!
Leela: I had a great time today. The flowers, the puddle, the way you hurt that guy. But can I aks you something?
Fry: Anything.
Leela: Why did you do all that stuff?
Fry: Leela, there's something I've wanted to tell you for a long time but every time I try I get nervous and my mouth feels like it's stuffed with peanut butter, even when it's not.
Leela: What is it? Is it about Bender?
Fry: No, it's about you and me.
Leela: And Bender?
Fry Leela ... I love you.
Leela: You do?
Fry: Yes. But it's only recently that I've been able to articulate my thoughts. I love you, Leela, and I always have.
Leela: Fry, that's the sweetest, most wonderful-- Wait! Recently? Like since you ate that toilet sandwich?
Fry: Yeah! I don't know why but my life really turned around that day.
Leela: Stay here.
Waitress: Freshen your noc-a-tina?
Fry I need something to settle my stomach.
Farnsworth-Droid: The nerve is through here. Where's Zoidberg?
Zoidberg-Droid: Yippie-ki-yay! You'll never guess where I've been!
Bender-Droid: One! Two! Three!
Farnsworth-Droid Tickle it and get ready for the ride of your lives!
Leela-Droid: Don't even think about tickling that ganglion!
Farnsworth-Droid: Leela, you're just in time to help. If we don't get rid of the worms now, they'll burrow so deep into the bowel that not even Hermes' famous jerk prunes could dislodge them!
Hermes-Droid: I call it "Caribbean Drain-o"!
Farnsworth-Droid: Fry will be stuck with the worms forever.
Leela-Droid: Perfect.
Zoidberg-Droid: Ouch!
Amy: I'm OK.
Farnsworth: Leela, you ignorant dope! Now the worms will be in Fry forever.
Leela: So? Did you ever stop to think that Fry is better off with worms?
Farnsworth: Oh, that's stupid!
Fry: If anyone wants to tell me what's going on here, I'll be in the lounge.
Fry the best! Leela, how can I ever repay you for saving them?
Leela: I'll think of something.
Bender: 'Ello! What's all this then?
Fry: Apartment 1I. The old me would have made a joke about that!
Leela: I should warn you, it's a little under-furnished.
Leela: I'm thinking of having a window installed.
Fry: I think the view's perfect already!
Leela: Oh, that's the corniest thing I've ever heard! Let me show you the bedroom.
Fry: Wait. In a minute.
Leela: A holophonor? Only a few people in the whole universe can play that, and they're not very good at it.
Fry: They don't have you to inspire them.
Leela: I don't have words to say how wonderful you are, Fry. I haven't felt this happy since double-soup Tuesday at the orphanarium.
Fry day seems like double-soup Tuesday.
Leela: Oh, Fry! I love what you've become.
Fry: What I've become.
Leela: What is it?
Fry: There's just something I have to find out.
Fry-Droid: Who controls this bowel?
Worm Guard #1: Who wants to know?
Worm Mayor: I am the Lord Mayor of Cologne.
Fry-Droid: You mean "colon"?
Worm Mayor: State your business!
Fry-Droid: Your Excellency, have you ever been in love?
Worm Mayor: No. I thought I was once but then I remember our species reproduces with a cloud of spores.
Fry-Droid: Well, a wonderful girl loves me. But I need to know if it's really me she loves, or just what you worms have made of me. That's why, with all due respect, I'm asking you to leave.
Worm Mayor can make me leave.
Fry-Droid: Everyone out of my body or the brain gets it!
Worm Mayor: He's bluffing! No creature would willingly make an idiot out of itself.
Fry-Droid Now, the hand-eye co-ordination lobe.
Worm Guard #1: Stop it, man!
Worm Mayor: You've damaged your brain, Universe, but no more than a week of binge drinking or five minutes on a cell phone.
Fry-Droid: I was just working my way towards the medulla oblongata, control centre of the heart and lungs. And if I kill myself, you die with me.
Worm Guard #2: Wait a minute, man!
Fry-Droid: I hope Satan has a nice colon, 'cause that's where you're gonna be living!
Worm Mayor! You'll be crawling with us again. Ever wonder what makes special sauce so special? Yo!
Leela: Fry? I missed you. Did you find out what you needed to find out?
Fry Leela, let me play for you one for time.
Leela: You don't have to do that. I'm still seduced from before.
Fry: Please, it's important to me.
Leela: What's that supposed to mean?
Fry Wow! Did you see that vase break? It was all like--
Leela: What's happened to you?
Fry: Nothing. I got rid of the worms.
Leela: What? Why would you do that?
Fry. I needed to know who you loved. Me or them.
Leela: Well ... which of you wrote me that sonnet?
Fry: I did ... I think. It was probably about 50/50. But that's how I really felt about you, I swear!
Leela: I don't know.
Fry: Please. Give me a chance to be romantic on my own. I've got a baggy of massage oil, and I'm gonna give you my super back rub, just like a I used to give Amy when I was going out with her, and she always seemed-- Uh-oh!
Bender: Sorry you struck out, sausage link.
Bender: If it's any consolation, my life is great! Babes! Bucks! I got it all!
Fry: Well, at least I learned Leela's a lost cause. I give up.
Bender Goodnight. I gotta get up early to go parasailing with movie stars!
Linda: In what has become a winter tradition, members of the Zarlon 7 Polar Bear Club today took the plunge into a river of liquid ammonia.
Morbo: There were no survivors.
Linda: Takes all kinds! And now, with his annual Xmas message, here's the head of the Xmas Safety Council, the head of Walter Cronkite.
Walter Cronkite's head: Season's warnings, Linda and Morbo.
Bender: This guy's too trustworthy. What's his angle?
Cronkite: In all the tinsel and terror of the holiday season we too often underestimate that murderous brute better known as Santa Claus. With images of last year's gingerbread massacre freshly baked into our memories, I remind you to bolt your doors, say goodbye to your pets and lock your children in the closet. This is Walter Cronkite saying, "I told you so".
Hermes Eastern Samoa. We've got to secure for Santa's arrival.
Fry: Just as well. I'm getting tired of this wood show.
Farnsworth.
Leela: We're pushing as hard as we can.
Bender: Oh, pushing!
Farnsworth: Oh, we're doomed! Every year we're doomed. Thanks be I had these bullet-proof shutters installed.
Farnsworth: Bring it on, Santa! That bloodthirsty cadaver junkie can't touch us as long as we're not stupid enough to leave this building.
Fry: Alright!
Leela: Yeah!
Farnsworth: In a related matter, you'll be delivering this sack of children's letters directly to Santa at his death fortress on Neptune.
Fry Dear Santa.
Girl don't bring me any gifts. The bicycle you fired at me last year from your bicycle gun really tore up my insides.
Leela Dear Santa.
Boy: Please bring me a coffin for Grandpa. You choked him with a chestnut last year and he's beginning to smell a lot like Xmas if you know what I mean.
Fry: It's not fair. In my day Xmas was supposed to bring people together, not blow them apart!
Bender: Sure, but who's going to do anything about it? Certainly not us. No, sir!
Fry: Certainly yes us, uh-huh, sir! We've gotta bring back the kind of Xmas I remember.
Leela: Fry's right. It's time to sit on Santa's lap -- and hard!
Leela: Oh, look! A cute little welcoming party.
Aide #1: Hey! Wanna buy a tiny little kidney?
Aide #2: I'll let you punch me for a buck.
Fry: Uh, look; we've got mail for Santa. Are you his elves?
Aide #2: We're not elves. We're Neptunians.
Aide #1: We're just shrimp-y because he doesn't feed us.
Aide #2: You hit me! You owe me a dollar.
Aide #3: Hey, you got any food? Old teabags, chewed gum, apple cores? Come on! We're starving here!
Fry: But you live in a gingerbread house.
Aide #4: Hey! It's food or shelter, not both.
Bender: You lazy runts! Don't you get paid for making the toys?
Aide #4: Who said "toys"?
Neptunians: Toys? Toys? Who said "toys"?
Aide #2: False alarm, folks! There's no reason to make toys since Santa judges everyone to be naughty.
Fry: That's it! I'm gonna deliver a gift of my boot up Santa's chimney. Where is he?
Aide #2: There! In his ice fortress.
Leela: We'll need help getting in. Any volunteers?
Aide #1: I'll help you!
Aide #2: Ah, phooey!
Aide #2: An omen?
Aide #1: Dinner!
Santa Huh?
Aide #2: We brought your mail.
Santa: Don't you ever knock? Who knows what naughty things I could be watching? I get New Orleans on this thing, you know!
Aide #2: Don't kill us!
Leela: Santa's a robot, so we should be able to destroy him with a logical paradox. Bender, you'd better cover your ears.
Santa: Holy night! Intruders!
Leela are naughty and, logically, you must destroy yourself.
Santa head was built with paradox-absorbing crumple-zones.
Leela: Wait! This is what we're running from!
Fry: Faster! Faster!
Fry: Why aren't we moving?
Leela: I don't know. Usually when I do stuff like this the ship moves.
Santa: Ho, ho-- Eh?
Fry: He's trapped!
Aide #2: Now we can make toys again!
Neptunians: Toys! Toys! Toys!
Fry: And I can deliver them. Billions and billions in one night.
Santa: Ha! No human could do all that.
Fry: Evil Knievel could!
Santa: Nuh-uh!
Bender Aw, crap! I'm some sort of robot.
Neptunians Hooray!
Santa: Bender can't be Santa! He wasn't built to Yuletide specifications.
Bender But that didn't stop me.
Leela: Bender!
Bender: Bow to your new Santa!
Neptunians: Our hero!
Neptunians
With so many toys to build.
Neptunians
But we gladly work for nothing--
Fry: Which is good because we don't intend to pay.
All: The elves are back to work today!
Neptunians
And the labour isn't easy--
Leela
You can make the job go quicker if you turn up the controls to super-speed.
Fry It's back to work on Xmas Eve!
Neptunians: Hooray!
Leela
Your pride will mask the pain.
Fry: Let my happy smile warm your hearts--
Aide #5: There's a toy lodged in my brain!
Neptunians
And we're very, very sorry--
Bender
Do you want the kids to think that Santa's just a crummy, empty-handed jerk?
Aide #6: Ow!
Bender: Then shut your yaps and back to work.
Neptunians
And we've done the best we could,
Fry: These toys soldiers are poorly painted.
Leela: And they're made from inferior wood.
Bender
But I really have to fly.
Santa
I'd harpoon you in the eye.
Neptunians
To drown ourselves in rye.
Leela
I guess that some of these gorillas are OK.
Aide #7: We're adequate!
All: The elves have rescued Xmas Day! Hooray!
Bender Duh, OK!
Girl: Mommy! Mommy! Santa's through the perimeter!
Mrs. Grant: This is it, kids. Take your suicide pills so you won't suffer.
Bender: No, wait! I'm the good Santa. I've got toys ... at very reasonable prices!
Jeffery: Don't listen to him. He's the father of all lies and the uncle of all tricks!
Bender: But I come bearing Tri-ominos!
Mrs. Grant: Go for the shins!
Bender: One down...
Petunia Won't you have a cookie?
Bender Ow! What's in these things?
Petunia: Why don't you slip into something more fiery?
Bender: Ow!
Kwanzaabot: Yo, Kringle! What happened to you, doll?
Bender: Oh, it's awful, Kwanzaabot. Everyone hates me.
Kwanzaabot: At least they understand you, you know what I'm sayin'? Ain't nobody down with this Kwanzaa tip.
Bender: Hey! Maybe you could lend me a hand with these deliveries.
Kwanzaabot I've been givin' these out for 647 years!
Fry Ew! It went sour!
Zoidberg: Can't I have a scented bath in peace?
Leela: Remember, Professor, Bender is Santa. So we don't need to hurt him, right?
Farnsworth: Yes, yes, yes. You sound like a broken mp3!
Bender Ow!
Leela: Professor! Don't you remember what I told you?
Farnsworth: No!
Bender: Oh, there's gotta be a better way.
Bender: Bender, you're a genius!
Vyolet: This creates an unrealistic standard of beauty!
Bender present!
Smitty: It's Santa! And we got him cornered!
URL: Aw, I smell a juicy promotion for me.
Smitty: And a juicy re-hiring-back-onto-the-force for me!
Bailiff: This Xmas Day session of court will come to order. The Honourable Judge Whitey presiding.
Whitey: Santa Claus, you stand accused of crimes against humanity. How do you plead?
Bender: Not Santa!
Farnsworth: There he is again!
Hyper-Chicken Daddy done good, huh?
Bender: Isn't it true that you have been paid for your testimony?
Pramala: Yes. You gave me a dollar and some candy.
Bender: And yet you haven't said what I told you to say. How can any of us trust you?
Whitey: Quit badgering the witness!
Hyper-Chicken: Badger? Where?
Whitey Santa Claus, I hereby sentence you to be executed at sundown.
Leela: It's not fair. I just hope that dumb chicken is ashamed of himself.
Smitty: Deactivated robot walking. We got a deactivated robot walking here.
Robot: Hey, Santa, when you see the Robot Devil, tell him I'm-a comin'!
Bender: Hey, that guy said to tell you that--
Robot Devil: I heard him!
Aide #1: Greetings, masters. My companion and I made lots of toys.
Leela: Outta my way, shrimp-oh. We're here to bring Santa back so we can prove Bender's innocent.
Santa: Do what you will. But we'll see who has the last ho.
Leela: There.
Fry: Oh, no! The ice is melting!
Leela: The pollution from the factory! It caused a greenhouse effect.
Aide #1: That would explain this heat.
Fry: And your breezy short-shorts!
Aide #2: Uh, yeah! That would explain it.
Fry: Hurry! We've gotta think of another way to save Bender or Xmas will be ruined!
Leela: Especially for Bender.
Santa Xmas.
Poopenmeyer Eh? When I pull this switch, these powerful electromagnets will tear you limb-from-limb, killing you in the most humane possible manner.
Bender: But, Mr. Mayor, that doesn't sound humane.
Poopenmeyer The instant this random number generator reaches zero, you'll be executed.
Bender: Aw!
Poopenmeyer: Ten. Three. Twelve. Three again.
Leela: Stop the execution!
Bender: Leela!
Poopenmeyer: Fifteen. Negative eight.
Leela: You got the wrong Santa. And I'll prove it.
Fry: I'm Santa Claus!
Poopenmeyer: What? Twenty-seven.
Hermes Santa Claus.
Poopenmeyer: Six.
Amy: We're also Santa Claus.
Zoidberg: And I'm his friend Jesus!
Fry of us.
Poopenmeyer Hey! Zero!
Bender Swing low, sweet...
Fry: This is horrible.
Farnsworth: But it's not boring!
Santa: Ho, ho, ho!
Poopenmeyer: My God! The real Santa! Get him, Jesus!
Zoidberg: I help those who help themselves.
Bender: Santa! You saved my life. Please don't kill me!
Santa: I'm not here to kill you, Bender! I need you to help me save Xmas.
Bender: Gee whiz, Santa! You want me to help you?
Fry: Don't do it! He's evil!
Santa: I know he is but I have no choice. I'm running late and if I don't complete my brutal rampage, well, it just wouldn't be Xmas. I guess what I'm asking is: Bender, won't you join my slaying tonight?
Bender: Well ... 'tis the season!
Man: My hair!
Woman: My wedding cake!
Santa: Let it snow!
Bender: Merry Xmas, kids!
Leela: This wangs chun! After all the good we tried to do, Xmas turned out as rotten as ever.
Farnsworth: No heat.
Amy: No power.
Hermes: Huddled together in fear like lice in a burning wig.
Fry: Wait a second! Maybe your futuristic Xmas isn't so rotten after all.
Leela: What are you talking about, you crouton? You said it yourself: Xmas should be about bringing people together, not blowing them apart.
Fry has brought us together. That's the magic of Xmas!
Farnsworth Hold me!
Bender Hey, Kwanzaabot, where you off to?
Kwanzaabot: Ah, you didn't hear about it? Chanukah Zombie's having a luau at the B'nai B'rith! You comin'?
Bender: Word!
Santa: By the way, Bender, here's a small token of my appreciation for being Santa while I was trapped in the ice.
Bender: Hey, chief, you screwed up. There's nothing in here.
Santa Ho, ho, ho!
Doctor: Push, Mrs. Fry. You're almost there.
Mr. Fry: You can do it, honey! Squeeze one out for America.
Mrs. Fry: Hey, keep it down! It's the 9th inning.
Commentator: Here's the 02 pitch to Craypool. He's taking all the way for a called strike three!
Mrs. Fry: Swing the bat, you bum!
Doctor: It's a boy. And look at that red hair!
Mr. Fry: You sayin' my son's a commie?
Commentator: And Grote leans into the pitch. It hits him! The Mets win!
Mrs. Fry: This is the happiest day of my life!
Doctor: Here's your baby, ma'am.
Mrs. Fry: Yeah, OK, thanks.
Mr. Fry: So, what should we name him?
Mrs. Fry: Uh, you pick. I picked dinner last night.
Mr. Fry: Well, I was thinking of Philip. After those screwdrivers?
Mrs. Fry: That's a fantastic idea. More morphine, please.
Mr. Fry: Look, Yancy, it's your baby brother, Philip.
Yancy: I wanna be named Philip! Me Philip! Me Philip!
Mr. Fry Philip, until I find a suitable model of an ICBM, you'll have to make do learnin' to fear this toy spacecraft.
Yancy: Mine! Mine!
Fry: C'mon!
Hermes: Baby needs a new pair of shoes!
Zoidberg: To hell with your spoiled baby! I need those shoes!
Announcer ... number 3, in a quantum finish.
Farnsworth: No fair! You changed the outcome by measuring it.
Leela: How'd you do, Fry?
Fry: I'll tell you when my horse finishes ... bad.
Mr. Wong: In today's field we own four horses and two jockeys.
Mrs. Wong: We just put our best jockey out to stud, Amy. He's perfect for you!
Jockey: Hey, baby! Ever do it in a suitcase?
Bender: Ooh! Look! It's the Centaur race.
Fry I meant tongue luck.
Announcer: And the winner is number four -- Steven.
Fry: I am so unlucky! I've run over black cats that were luckier than me.
Paper-hatted salesman straight from the horse's mouth.
Leela: Hmm.
Hermes: It all sounds good.
Paper-hatted salesman: All our horses are 100% horse-fed for that double-horse juiced-in goodness.
Leela: I'll have the cholesterol-free omelette with horse beaters.
Paper-hatted salesman: And you, sir, how can I horse you?
Hermes: I'll have a horse coke.
Paper-hatted salesman: Horse Pepsi OK?
Hermes: Nay.
Jockey: Hey! What are you doing?
Bender: This.
Fry Man, it's contagious!
Announcer: And the winner is Harry Trotter by the entire racetrack.
Bender: That'll teach those other horses to take drugs!
Fry If you think bad luck can defeat me then you don't know my name is Philip J.--
Paper-hatted salesman: That is one unlucky guy!
Fry: Kareem's got the sky hook but Philip J. Fry's got the space hook!
Yancy: Yancy drives; he goes up with his patented space hook!
Fry patented space hook! You stole it!
Yancy: You're not the president of it!
Fry: Holy camolie! A seven-leaf clover!
Yancy: I'm dying of old age!
Fry: Game over! Phil wins! Yancy's fans are stunned! There'll be no celebration at the Yancy-dome!
Yancy: Lucky.
Leela: Well, someone's in a good mode.
Bender at the track! Also, I rigged one race.
Fry: Pah! I'd have won a lot of money too if I still had my lucky seven-leaf clover. Plus I'd still have my hair.
Hairbot: I got your page, Mr. Fry. Your new hair is ready.
Amy: So whatever happened to this seven-leaf clover?
Fry: I hid it in a secret hiding place whose location I never told anyone. Not even Scruffy.
Zoidberg: So the clover is still in the hiding place, maybe?
Fry: Hey, yeah! Maybe it is still there. Underground in the ruins of Old New York, helping some ant defeat another ant or helping some piece of dirt turn its luck around.
Farnsworth: Dirt doesn't need luck.
Fry. Some of the tunnels have metal bars so I'll need someone who's good at bending. Leela, how 'bout you?
Leela: Sure. I'll do it.
Bender: Like hell you will! Bending's my middle name.
Fry: It is?
Bender: Yep. My full name is Bender Bending Rodríguez.
Fry From this moment on, I declare my bad luck officially over.
Bender: He was fun.
Leela: Well, if we get bored looking for the clover, I've got Tetris on this thing.
Fry: Look, up ahead.
Bender: Old New York: The city that inspired a casino in Las Vegas.
Fry Uh, oops!
Bender: New York is so burned.
Fry: And remember when Mayor Giuliani cracked down on jaywalking?
Leela: No.
Fry: Well, Rudy, how do you like this action?
Teen #1 Name?
Fry: Cosmic F.
Teen #1: Style?
Fry: Outer space.
Teen #1: Special moves?
Fry: The moonwalk ... the robot ... the zero G.
Teen #1: Name?
Yancy: Cosmic Y.
Teen #1: Style?
Yancy: Uh, deep space!
Fry: Deep space?
Teen #1: Special moves?
Yancy: The spacewalk...
Fry: Hey!
Yancy: The robot...
Fry: The robot? That's similar to mine!
Yancy: The zero G.
Fry: What are you doing? You totally ripped off my routine.
Yancy: You callin' me a biter?
Fry everything from me, Yancy? Find your own life and live it.
Yancy: Stop illin'! Word!
Fry: Well I'd like to see you try and steal this. The septuple-head-spin.
Yancy: He's just scratching. No one's ever done more than a quadruple.
Fry: Oh, yeah? Noticeably F.A.T., rewind the tape.
Teen #1: Crazy sucker!
Teen #2: Phil, you're hot!
Noticeably F.A.T.: That was ice cold, bro!
Teen #1 see you try anything that crazy again, this crew might just have some new parachute pants!
Yancy: Stop hogging the clover.
Fry: Alright, team, let's go find that clover!
Leela: Which way to your house? The sign says we're at 71st Street.
Fry: 71st Street? Hmm, never heard of it. Downtown could be in any direction.
Bender: No sweat. We'll just take a spin on the B-train!
Bender This is the Brooklyn-bound B-train making local stops at wherever the hell I feel like. Watch for the closing doors.
Bender: Wake up, buddy. End of the line!
Fry That's the bench where I found some shirts! That fire hydrant! In summer we'd light it on fire! On that corner, some guy with a bushy beard handed out a socialist newsletter!
Bender: Was it poorly Xeroxed?
Fry: You'd better believe it!
Leela: The old comedians were right, this place is a lot different from L.A.
Mutant: Pardon me, but did I overhear you saying you used to live here?
Fry: That's right.
Mutant: Did you know Andy Goldman?
Fry: Yeah, he was my neighbour. Why?
Mutant: I mutated from him!
Fry: Get outta here! What's Andy up to these days?
Andy: The short answer is I'm teaching.
Leela: He seemed nice.
Fry: Sure. When he's sober!
Fry: Holy camolies! The house I grew up in. It's still there!
Bender place.
Yancy: That stupid clover is a worthless piece of garbage! Give it! Give it! Give it!
Fry: Mom! Help!
Mrs. Fry: Yes!
Fry: Mom, Yancy's trying to steal my clover.
Mrs. Fry: Yancy, stealing is wrong.
Yancy You're dead meat!
Mr. Fry: What's happenin' up there? Did Kremlin Joe let fly with the nukes?
Fry: Not yet, commander. Yancy's just trying to steal my stuff as usual.
Mr. Fry: Well he'd better keep his hands off these bananas. Gonna need them when the radiation turns us all into monkeys.
Fry Stay safe, clover. I may need you again someday.
Fry: This was the storage room. My dad spent years turning it into a bomb shelter.
Leela: And yet you guys never had a single nuclear war.
Bender: What a waste.
Fry It's stuck!
Bender There we go!
Fry soundtrack.
Bender: You mean "breakfast club sandwich"?
Fry!
Leela: How do you know it didn't disintegrate?
Fry: Everything else in here held up OK.
Bender by Huey Lewis.
Fry: I don't know why my brother hated me so much.
Leela: Oh, brothers always fight. I'm sure deep down he loved you. He just never got a chance to say it before you got frozen.
Fry: You think? 'Cause I always kinda wished that--
Bender: Who is that God-like figure?
Fry! And there, in his lapel, my seven-leaf clover! I knew he stole it.
Leela: Hold the phone. If that's Yancy, why does the inscription say Philip J. Fry?
Fry name! Good Lord. He ditched his goofy name and stole mine!
Bender of men, was the first person on Mars.
Fry And now he broke my hand!
Bender: His legend lives on.
Farnsworth: So you opened the record vault and the clover was gone?
Bender: Yep. Nothing in there but all the best music of the 1980's in one amazing collection.
Leela: Survivor, Pat Benatar, The Scorpions. The list goes on.
Fry: That clover helped my ratfink brother steal my dream of going into space. Now I'll never get there.
Leela: You went there this morning for doughnuts.
Hermes Philip J. Fry.
Fry Philip J. Fry! He stole my name after I got frozen.
Farnsworth It also opened my calendar to Friday and ordered me some French fries.
Narrator ... a feat that has never since been equalled.
Fry: That should have been me!
Narrator: The ever-lucky Fry made his fortune after striking oil in the bathroom of the mansion he had won in a lottery.
Fry: That's my clover! Yancy stole it!
Narrator: After a whirlwind fling with Icelandic supermodel Njörd, Fry scored a string of top 10 hits with his rock band Leaf Seven, known for their hypnotic rhythms, driving baselines and memorable hooks.
Fry: That's what I'm known for!
Man: Phil came in, right, strummed out this tune, yeah, and I said, "That's a number one record!"
Narrator: Today, Fry spends most of his time in his grave in Orbiting Meadows National Cemetery, buried with the trademark seven-leaf clover that will bring him luck in the next life, perhaps some Egyptians believe.
Fry: So that's where my clover is? Hey, is that orbiting cemetery near here?
Leela: It will be in a couple hours.
Fry: Good. Leela, Bender, we're going grave robbing.
Bender: I'll get my kit.
Yancy: Thanks for lending me your tux, Dad. It'll be perfect for my wedding.
Mr. Fry I just wish your brother were still around to see this.
Mrs. Fry: I'll never forget the day Philip disappeared. Wisconsin won the Rose Bowl 17-9. Oh, I miss him.
Yancy: Oh, that reminds me: I was thinking I'd rummage through Phil's records for something to play at the wedding.
Mrs. Fry: Have a look downstairs. Your brother may be missing but his crap sure isn't.
Yancy. This'll clear out the room at the end of the reception.
Leela: They buried your brother in the World Heroes section? I'm impressed.
Fry: I should be the one in that grave!
Fry: Hmm. We lost Bender.
Bender: There! Now no one will be able to say I don't own John Larroquette's spine.
Fry: Aha! My brother's grave!
Leela: Philip Fry, the original Martian.
Fry?
Bender he ever was.
Fry: It's clovering time!
Yancy's wife: So, had any ideas for names, Yancy?
Yancy It's a lucky clover that can help you be successful whatever you do -- even breakdancing -- and it once belonged to someone very special.
Yancy's wife: I know what name you wanna give him Yancy. It's OK.
Yancy Son, I'm naming you Philip J. Fry in honour of my little brother, who I miss every day. I love you, Philip, and I always will.
Fry: Here lies Philip J. Fry, named for his uncle to carry on his spirit.
Bender Sorry, ladies, I'm taken! Hey, Fry, you want me to smack the corpse up a little?
Leela: Uh, Bender, I think Fry needs a moment alone.
Bender: Alright, grab a shovel. I'm only one skull short of a Mouseketeer reunion.
Leela: Fry, I know those cookies are fresh-a-licious but they produce an awful lot of trash.
Bender: Ah!
Leela: And, Bender, that aerosol head spray makes your antenna smell nice--
Bender: Thank you.
Leela: But it's doing long-term damage to the planet.
Bender: So? It's not like it's the only one we've got.
Farnsworth: Good news, everyone! I'm sending you on an extremely controversial mission.
Fry: Controversial?
Farnsworth: Oh, my, no.
Farnsworth: For this highly controversial mission you'll be towing the Juan Valdez, an orbiting supertanker full of rich Columbian dark matter.
Leela: Dark matter oil? What if we hit something? The tanker could leak.
Farnsworth Now, once you've hauled the tanker past the protestors--
Leela: Protestors?
Farnsworth: Correct. 6,000 hulls.
Leela: Why do we have to fly within three feet of this penguin preserve on Pluto?
Farnsworth: To avoid the tollbooth.
Fry: OK, she's all restocked with emergency jam. Let's get going.
Leela: At the risk of sounding negative: No! Look, Professor, I can't participate in this mission.
Farnsworth: What are you yapping about?
Leela: This time it's your reckless disregard for the environment. In fact, I'm gonna go join those protestors.
Farnsworth: This is an outrage! I demand you hand over your captain's jacket.
Leela: This is my normal jacket. I've had it for 10 years.
Farnsworth is the new captain!
Fry?
Farnsworth: That's right. Being captain is about intuition and heart. A good captain can't have either one. That's why cold, logical Bender is perfect for the job.
Bender: Well, I do think of human life as expendable.
Fry: No fair! Leela was training me to be captain. She even let me sit in her lap and steer -- in this comic I drew.
Zoidberg: Ooh! The new one's out!
Bender Now look spry, men! We launch at six bells!
Waterfall Sr. Please hold your thumbs until the end. Now, folks, it's time to stop that tanker with a non-violent human circle.
Leela: Why do we have to resort to non-violence? Can't we just kick their asses?
Waterfall Sr.: Now, little lady, those people's asses are living things too.
Bender: Aye! We're hitched up tighter than Davy Jones' U-Haul! At ease, men.
Fry: I am at ease.
Bender: Mr. Fry, I like to give my first mate an informal nickname. From now on you will be known as ... Wiggles!
Fry: The hell I will! Have you even read the Captain's Handbook?
Bender: I have now. And what's Peter Parrot's first rule of captaining?
Fry.
Bender: Correct, Wiggles. You've just earned an invitation to the captain's table
Zoidberg: The captain's table! What an honour!
Waterfall Sr.: Our peace ring has 'em trapped like a tiger in a washing machine!
Leela: Get ready!
Protestor #1: Look out!
Protestor #2: Hold on!
Waterfall Sr.: Here they come!
Leela: When you were planning this peace ring, didn't you realise spaceships can move in three dimensions?
Waterfall Sr.: No, I did not.
Waterfall Sr. If rubbing frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey, I don't wanna be right!
Waterfall Sr.: This here is our penguin preserve.
Leela: Aw! They're so cute! They're like if puppies and kittens could have babies!
Waterfall Sr.: We use hand puppets around the young'uns to simulate a natural environment.
Leela: That's adorable!
Bender: But I suppose it's this medal I'm most proud of, Wiggles. I won it for saving the children of Earth from a giant kangaroo. It was on the Australian news, you probably didn't see it.
Zoidberg: Brilliant!
Fry: Would you cram a sock in it, Bender? Those aren't even medals, they're bottle-caps and pepperoni slices!
Bender: Thank you, steward. Wiggles, weren't you about to propose a toast to your gallant captain?
Fry ... at being a big jerk who's stupid and his big, ugly face is as dumb as a butt.
Bender: Eh, I've heard better.
Fry: If I were in charge I wouldn't treat you like this. You're nothing but a big blowhard.
Bender: Sir, you forget yourself! Shut up!
Fry: Being captain is obviously more important to you than being my friend. I'm going.
Bender: Going? But a captain can't drink without his first mate.
Zoidberg: You can drink with me maybe?
Bender: I don't feel like drinking.
Zoidberg Three.
Bender
And the--
Zoidberg: Captain, please, have some liquor. You robots need alcohol to function.
Bender I'm a good captain.
Zoidberg: Please, sir, I love you like a father!
Protestor #3: Here they come. Oh, I hope they read my sign!
Leela: Bender's flying too low! And he's upside-down!
Protestor #3: He must be talking on a cell phone!
Fry: What's happening?
Zoidberg: All 6,000 hulls have been breached!
Fry: Oh, the fools! If only they'd built it with 6,001 hulls! When will they learn?
Linda story. The crisis on Pluto worsens as dark matter spreads throughout the penguin habitat. The images are truly horrific.
Leela: I don't think any of us can understand how those poor, oil-drenched penguins feel.
Morbo At the time of the crash, the tanker captain had an alcohol level of .08 percent -- well below the legal limit for robots.
Hyper-Chicken: Son, as your lawyer, I declare y'all are in a 12-piece bucket o' trouble. But I done struck you a deal: Five hours of community service cleanin' up that ol' mess you caused.
Bender: Five hours? Aw, man! Couldn't you just got me the death penalty?
Hyper-Chicken: I'd have done better but it's plum hard pleadin' a case while awaitin' trial for that there incompetence!
Bender: Yeah, uh, good luck with that.
Leela: Now you stay away from those puffin twins.
Waterfall Sr.: Good way to avoid frostbite, folks: Put your hands between your buttocks. That's nature's pocket.
Leela: Uh ... I think I'll go check on Bender.
Waterfall Sr.: Watch that he doesn't pick your pocket.
Bender: Ah, can't beat fresh-squeezed!
Leela And clean the black parts too.
Smitty: Are they black with white feathers or white with black feathers?
URL beautiful!
Bender Oh, ho! What's this?
URL: Aw, man! He got away!
Smitty: I guess this is why Chief says no hugging.
Waterfall Sr.: Good work, everyone. I suggest you all go get some sleep. Me, well, I'm gonna stay up all night singing songs about penguins in a fine, piercing tenor.
Leela Here robot, robot, robot.
Leela: Hey, why weren't you Kong donkeys outside cleaning up?
Zoidberg And eating penguin eggs.
Fry Bender? Off catastrophising some other planet?
Zoidberg: Damnit, Fry! He may have done wrong, but he's still your captain.
Leela: I'm worried about him. He didn't come back with the group.
Fry: He didn't?
Leela: No, and with wind-chill it's 20 degrees below absolute zero. I'd better go find him.
Fry To the ship.
Leela: Why don't you just walk? He was only about 20 yards from here.
Fry: Madam, I am in command now.
Zoidberg: Such a man! I'd follow him to hell and back, I would.
Bender What's this water made of, ice? Forget this!
Penguin #1: Full of fish?
Bender: Not entirely.
Penguin #1: Then let's fish.
Zoidberg: Captain, I don't think we're on Pluto any longer. In fact, we may have left space as we know it.
Fry: Then where are we? You said you knew how to navigate.
Zoidberg: Stop yelling at me!
Waterfall Sr.. It's like a perverted trail mix of penguin oestrogen, penguin Viagra and Spanish penguin fly. Why, it's making them ultra-fertile.
Leela: How ultra?
Waterfall Sr. are laying eggs.
Doctor: This man is over-gasped.
Waterfall Sr. to death.
Leela: Oh, if only we hadn't flown penguins to Pluto and dumped oil on them, this might never have happened. Can't we stop them from multiplying?
Waterfall Sr.: Yes, I reckon it is our responsibility. And thankfully we have a plan.
Leela: What is it? We'll do anything.
Waterfall Sr.: Everyone, grab your guns. I declare penguin hunting season officially open.
Leela: You can't shoot penguins. Isn't there some way to keep them from breeding?
Waterfall Sr.: Cold showers don't work on Antarctic creatures. Now surely you agree that a quick, semi-painless death is a damn sight better than weeks of starvation.
Leela penguins, not to hunt them.
Waterfall Sr.: This time the two are one and the same! Now are you with us or are you gonna let innocent penguins suffer?
Leela: Oh, God! It's inhuman! It's like Hong Kong! I'll do it!
Waterfall Sr.: That's a good old-fashioned gun. Simple point-and-click interface. Rifle check!
Hunter #1: Oh, yeah!
Hunter #2: Wee doggy!
Leela: Hey, you're enjoying this.
Waterfall Sr. to shoot penguins, well, you might as well enjoy it.
Leela: I'm sorry, but if it's fun in any way it's not environmentalism.
Waterfall Sr.: Oh, really? How 'bout blowing up dams?
Leela: Yeah ... that is fun.
Waterfall Sr.: Let's conservate!
Zoidberg: It's been an honour to serve under you, sir!
Leela What's going on? Were you hiding out with these little guys?
Bender Gah! What are you doing? Get away!
Leela: Aw! They love you!
Bender I don't know why but when I look down at their little faces, it makes me wanna puke! In a good way!
Penguins: Stand still. It's our only hope.
Bender: That's puffin talk. Now follow me!
Leela: Stop! Stop shooting! It's me, Leela.
Hunter #2: Sorry.
Waterfall Sr.: Why aren't you firing randomly into those birds, little lady? Don't you wanna help 'em?
Leela: Not this way.
Waterfall Sr.: What? Why you're not a tree-hugging kook at all!
Leela: Look, I don't know if shooting penguins will help the environment or not. But I do know the decision shouldn't be in the hands of people who just wanna kill for fun.
Waterfall Sr. On the other hand, we already made up 200 pounds of batter for penguin tempura. OK, boys, it's them or us!
Leela: No!
Waterfall Sr.: Hey! Where'd they--
Bender: Attack!
Hunter #1: Whoa!
Hunter #2: Ow!
Bender: We will fight them on the beaches! We will fight them on the glaciers!
Waterfall Sr.: Make sure they use every part of my body!
Old Man Waterfall: I'll avenge your death, son!
Leela doing.
Bender Guys, it's me! Your lovable dictator! Uh-oh!
Leela: Oh, if only we had a toboggan.
Bender: Faster! Faster!
Leela: Phew!
Bender Oh, right, they can swim. It's all coming back to me now.
Leela: It's Fry!
Bender: Wiggles?
Leela: Well, at least it'll help reduce their population.
Bender Permission to come aboard, Wiggles?
Fry: Granted. We can't take off without our captain.
Bender: Oh, and bring my toboggan.
Fry: So, Leela, were you able to help the penguins?
Leela: Well, sure. I mean ... not really. I mean ... nature will work itself out. It can't screw things up any worse than we did trying to fix things, right?
Fry: I 'unno.
Bender those stupid birds'll do just fine.
Leela: Guidance system?
Bender: Online.
Leela: Autopilot?
Autopilot: Present.
Leela: Dark matter indicator?
Fry: Making the noise.
Leela: All systems operational. Let's rock!
Leela: Gentlemen, I've completed my report on the crash.
Bender: Whoa! I'm not reading that crap. Summarise it in one word.
Leela This is a normal L-unit. Without it, space travel is but the fevered dream of a madman.
Fry: Yep.
Bender: Of course.
Zoidberg: Doy!
Hermes: It's an important unit.
Leela, my friends, is the L-unit I just removed from the ship.
Fry: That doesn't look like an "L" at all. Unless you count lowercase.
Bender: You know we don't!
Leela-tough steel.
Bender But instead it looks like this.
Fry: Who would do a thing like that?
Bender do a thing like that? And by "that", I mean this.
Zoidberg: Well, gang, it looks like we have another mystery on our hands.
Hermes Sweet lamprey of Santa Fe! My edge has been bent!
Amy Now we'll never beat Jupiter State.
Zoidberg My cuddly, little pet slinky!
Farnsworth: What's all the hubbub?
Leela: My God! Even the Professor's been bent.
Farnsworth: That you for your sympathy, talking square of linoleum.
Bender That's fine.
Amy: Wait a minute. Bender, what did you just do to the Professor?
Bender: I bent him.
Amy: Aha!
Hermes: Bender!
Zoidberg!
Bender: Oh, I see. A bunch of stuff gets bent so it must be the robot designed for bending.
Hermes: I know how to settle this: We'll check last night's surveillance tapes.
Fry: Huh?
Amy: What tapes?
Leela: Surveillance?
Zoidberg: You've seen me naked?
Hermes.
Bender: See? Nothing. Told you, losers.
Fry: Wait! There on the screen. It's that guy you are.
Bender: I'm sleepwalking.
Farnsworth: Dear God! We've got robots on the ceiling.
Fry!
Bender: This is quite a shock. On the other hand, it's not surprising in the least. After all, I've been bending since the day I was built.
Bender.
Bender Hooray! I graduated! Time to bend around Europe for a few months, then get a job bending.
Amy: You remember your own birth?
Bender: Sure. It was only four years ago.
Fry: You're only four years old?
Bender: Precocious little scamp, ain't I?
Leela: Hmm. Bender must have a pent-up need to bend that's not being satisfied by his bend-free lifestyle.
Farnsworth Go satisfy your bend lust and don't you come back to work until you do.
Robots: No more bending, no more work. Give us a raise, you big fat jerk.
Sal: Nevers!
Joey: Yo! The Mafia supports you. But don't tell no one. Spread the word.
Donbot: As the duly-elected mobsters of this union, it's our duty to support the struggle of these proud, lazy slobs.
Joey: Yeah, but what if management remains intragnizent?
Donbot: From the context it is clear what you mean. In that case, Clamps may have a little surprise for them.
Clamps Right?
Bender: Aw, no! A strike? Now I'll never get to bend anything. Oh, woe is Bender.
Robot #1: Hang tough, brother. Management refused our demand to switch casual Friday to Monday.
Bender?
Robot #2: And now they're hiring scabs at ten-times the normal wage.
Bender I'll give those jerks what for!
Sal: Welcomes aboard, scab.
Bender: Great to be here.
Sal This here's our scab foreman.
Bender: Flexo?
Flexo: Bender?
Bender: Hey, sorry you got sent to that South American Turkish prison instead of me on account of mistaken identity.
Flexo Nah, you're alright. Good to see you, buddy!
Sal: And here's another scab what also works here, Angle-ine.
Bender: Hello.
Sal: Hey, yous guyses wanna move that things?
Bender: Hello!
Robots: Give us a raise, you big fat jerk.
Sal: Nevers!
Bender Um, hi, Angle-ine. Whatcha up to?
Angle-ine: Making hangers. Guidance counsellor said I had a knack for it.
Bender: That's cool, that's cool. So, um, uh, I was wondering if, y'know, it's cool if not, but, what are you doing after work?
Angle-ine: What I always do. Jack squat.
Bender Man, we have a lot in common, huh?
Angle-ine: Well we are made of virtually identical components.
Bender: Are you sure? Maybe I should sneak a peek at your access panel.
Angle-ine And that's just the way I like it.
Hermes: Haile H. Selassie!
Zoidberg: There, little friend. Good as new.
Farnsworth Those delightful birds with their chirp, chirp, chirp and their tweet, tweet, splat.
Fry: Professor, I've never seen you so cheerful. What the hell's wrong with you?
Farnsworth: Hmm. I'm not quite sure. Perhaps seeing things from a new perspective has reminded me of life's beauty. Or perhaps my new posture is causing blood to pool in the back of my brain, resulting in a mild delirium. Incidentally, you have a dime up your nose.
Fry: I wish! It's a nickel.
Bender!
Bender: I bet watching me bend girders like this turns your legs all rubbery.
Angle-ine And anyway, I am just as strong as you are, Mac.
Bender Here, let me help you.
Farnsworth: My new bent outlook has completely re-energised me. I'm even dating a young Brazilian retired actress.
Fry: Alright!
Farnsworth robbing the grave.
Bender: Howdy, doodies. What's new?
Farnsworth: I was just regaling your former co-workers with a tale of bedroom antics, the likes of which--
Bender-related news. I'm in love and I'm taking all my friends out to celebrate.
Amy: Let's get liquored up!
Elzar try the pasta. It's got a real nice profit margin. Bam! So, special occasion tonight?
Bender: Oh, Elzar, you'll never guess what's happened?
Elzar: Bam?
Bender: I met the most dynamite ladybot.
Elzar: Hey, that's terrific. To celebrate, I'm gonna stick seven copies of my latest cookbook on your bill.
Bender: Bless you, sir.
Farnsworth: So, Bender, tell us about this new girlfriend of yours.
Bender To Angle-ine, she's got it all. Looks, charm and the love of a fabulous bending robot.
Fry: She sure does.
Bender: Flexo!
Elzar: Careful, that's a week old!
Bender You degenerate hussy! I'm disappointed in you too, Angle-ine.
Angle-ine: Bender, it's-it's not what you think.
Bender than I think.
Angle-ine: Now, look, there is no reason to be upset. Flexo and I are divorced.
Bender: Div-- Huh?
Flexo: We're just havin' dinner 'cause we wanna stay friends.
Bender: Uh, I knew that. What I'm actually outraged by is your choice of wine. Really, it's the steward's fault.
Steward: Excellent choice, sir.
Bender: That Flexo, I'm knockin' him right on his butt. I can't believe this.
Farnsworth: Obsessing won't help, Bender. Take a lean back and enjoy life.
Bender: I can't. My Fembot may be in love with another Manbot.
Leela: Well talk to her. Tell her about your feelings in an open an honest way.
Fry: Yeah. Either that or be a man.
Bender: OK, I've constructed an elaborate lie: I'll call Angle-ine while pretending to be Flexo, arrange a date, show up disguised as him and catch her two-timing me with myself.
Fry: That's thinkin' like a man.
Bender: Hello? This is Flexo.
Bender: Now we'll see who loves whom.
Bender: Hey, hot stuff.
Angle-ine So since when do you go to bars on work nights? It's not like you at all.
Bender: Nonsense. It's exactly like me. Flexo: The fun-loving love machine Fembots love to love. Hey, barkeep, I'll have a Fuzzy Navel and she'll have the girliest drink in the house.
Bartender-bot: Two Fuzzy Navel's comin' up.
Bender: I hope they can make change for a fortune.
Joey: Yo. Get an eye-load of that filthy scab with the beard flashing his filthy scab money. It's an insult to you, boss.
Donbot: Yeah. That cash oughta be slushin' my fund and kicksing my back.
Clamps: I'm greasing up my whoozits!
Donbot: Whoa, whoa, Clamps, not yet. Let's just keep an eye on him and see if he does it a couple more times.
Bender: You're lookin' good to Flexo tonight.
Angle-ine: Quit makin' with the googly eyes. You know that I'm in love with Bender.
Bender: Bender? That walking wuss factory?
Angle-ine: Well he may be a walking factory but believe me he is no wuss. Now, look, you and me are through. I told you that when I divorced you.
Bender: But going through a divorce together, you can't tell me that didn't bring us closer. Care to dance?
Angle-ine: You know I love dancing but you always hated it.
Bender Hey, scratchmo. How 'bout dropping me and the lady some rump-rattling beats?
Donbot: I had hoped that by the second time he flashed his cash my rage would have subsided. Sadly that has not happened.
Angle-ine: You used to be so inflexible, Flexo. You have really loosened up!
Bender: I recently upgraded my funk card. C'mon!
Angle-ine: Alright!
Bender Ew!
Angle-ine: Flexo? What-What's going on?
Bender: Um...
Angle-ine: Flexo!
Bender: So the moral of the story is: If you want it to stay sunk, tie a weight to it!
Angle-ine: You always were a kick in the teeth, man.
Bender: Aw, shucks, thunder-buns! You make me feel like a million volts.
Angle-ine: Flexo, Flexo, Flexo. I'm starting to remember why I fell for you in the first place.
Bender: So, she's falling for Flexo, eh? I'd better seduce her a little more, just to be sure.
Angle-ine: Well, it's late. I should get home to my trailer.
Bender Tiparillo?
Bender: Here you are, my lad. Bring the lady's car around in the finest way possible.
Joey: He's flashin' his cash loaf again.
Donbot: How many times is that? Two or three?
Clamps: Three.
Donbot: Alright. That's the necessary number of times. That scab's gonna have a little on-the-job accident.
Joey: With all due respect, Donbot, I don't think we should rely on an accident happening. Let's kill him ourselves.
Bender place.
Angle-ine: What?
Bender.
Bender: But?
Bender?
Angle-ine Huh? Bender! You tricked me.
Bender to be him.
Angle-ine: Well maybe I love you so much I love you no matter who you're pretending to be.
Bender Ow!
Angle-ine: Nooo!
Flexo Nah, I'm joshing you. That was quite annoying.
Bender: You call yourself divorced? You're making a mockery of one of our oldest institutions.
Flexo: What?
Clamps: Alright, boss, give the word and I'll drop this unbendable girder. Clamp, clamp, ka-bamp!
Donbot: Remember, only kill the one with the beard. That other filthy scab we got nothing against.
Flexo: That's low!
Angle-ine: Please stop! I'm not worth it!
Bender: Probably not. But I love you and I'm gonna kick his ass till I win you back.
Donbot: OK, Clamps. Now!
Clamps: Ooh, that's gotta clamp!
Angle-ine: Flexo? Are you OK?
Flexo Nah, I'm yankin' your chain, I'm dying.
Angle-ine: You can't die. Tonight Bender showed me that I love you.
Bender love you.
Angle-ine: I know and I care for you too. But I could never love anyone as much as you made me realise I love Flexo.
Bender I love you so much, Angle-ine, I want you to be happy no matter what.
Angle-ine: What, what are you saying?
Bender: I'm saying I've got an unbendable girder to bend.
Angle-ine: You can't bend that girder. It's unbendable!
Bender: Well I don't know anything about lifting, so that just leaves us the one option.
Flexo: Thanks, buddy. Another year under that and I'd have been a goner.
Angle-ine: I'll always remember this, Bender.
Bender Jerk.
Leela: So Flexo and Angle-ine had sex right there on the factory floor? Well, at least you got bending out of your system.
Bender: Yes. I won't be up to bending again for a long, long time.
Farnsworth: Perhaps it's your outlook that needs a good bend. A 90-degree bend to a place where happiness is perpendicular to wonderment.
Fry: Professor, we're all sick of your upbeat attitude.
Amy: I'll say.
Zoidberg: Believe it.
Farnsworth
You gotta bend away all your trouble and your strife,
Leela: Bender, you've gotta help us.
Bender: I try to get out but they keep pulling me back in.
Farnsworth
Wangle a new dangle on life,
Amy: No, Bender! The other way.
Bender: I like him better this way.
Farnsworth: I'm sad now.
Leela: Eh, it's fine.
Amy: Is Nibbler stoked for the big pet show?
Leela You are so adorable! Who wants a ham?
Farnsworth: Zooka barooka! First prize is $500 and a year's supply of dog food!
Bender: "$500", you say?
Zoidberg: "Dog food", you say?
Fry ... three sheep.
Leela Your turn, Nibbler, honey. Herd those sheep!
Amy: Come on, Nibbler!
Bender: Ma'am, I have a late entry: My hard-shelled wooping terrier, Mr. Zoidberg.
Bender: Faster! Faster.
Zoidberg: Ow!
Bender: Suck in that gut! You wanna be spayed?
Bender: Silence, you cur! Puff out that brisket!
Bender: I should be weeping! I'm not weeping!
Fry: I love these things!
Leela He might be a little hungry. Shake, boy. Usually he's had more ham by now. Shake!
Judge #1 from an Afghan, goes to Bender and his wooping terrier.
Bender You didn't stick your landing!
Zoidberg: Forgive me, my friend.
Bender: Never!
Judge #1: And before we announce the winner we have a special award for a first-time contestant: Ms. Leela and her mystery pet, Nibbler!
Leela: Me? Award? Him? Me? Good?
Judge #1 All glory to the Hypno-Toad.
Leela dumb.
Fry: Don't listen to them, Leela. People said I was dumb, but I proved them.
Farnsworth: Good news, everyone! We were supposed to make a delivery to the planet Tweenis 12 but it's been completely destroyed.
Leela: Why is that good news?
Farnsworth: They paid in advance.
Bender: Excuse me.
Hermes First, the civilisation of Space Rome collapsed, then Don Martin 3 went kaflooie and now Tweenis 12.
Fry: Looks like this planet is next in line.
Leela The planet we live on.
Fry: I'd hate to be those guys.
Hermes: What's got into him? He's twitching like Zoidberg when someone mentions the word "food".
Zoidberg: What, now?
Leela: No! Nibbler, come back!
Leela Uh, Nibbler? Could you scooch the seat up just a little bit?
Fry: Leela back yet?
Bender: Fry, help me! My heart stopped beating!
Fry: You don't have a heart; you're a robot.
Bender Oh, Fry! My skin's all dry and clanky.
Fry: Well, yeah. Robots are made of metal.
Bender a robot?
Fry: Bender, if this is some kind of scam, I don't get it. You already have my power of attorney.
Bender My skin!
Farnsworth I'm a genius. Ow. Ow.
Fry: Dr. Zoidberg, why is everyone acting so weird?
Zoidberg Zoidy want go outside!
Fry: I just let you back in!
Leela So every religion is wrong!
Linda "I'm sending in more trains!"
Woman: Go!
Man: Wait for me! Wait for me!
Morbo: Morbo can't understand his TelePrompTer. He forgot how you say that letter that looks like a man with a hat.
Linda: It's a "T". It goes "tuh".
Morbo: Hello, little man. I will destroy you!
Fry: Man, even the news monster is acting strange. What are we gonna do?
Farnsworth: Duh, I know! Let's play the lottery!
Amy: No. Let's buy Internet stock!
Zoidberg: On margin! Zoidy wanna buy on margin!
Hermes: Look at me! I'm invisible!
Fry: Wait a minute! I know what's going on here. You've all become idiots!
Bender: Hey, let's all join the Reform Party!
Hermes: Oh, yeah!
Ken: Welcome back, Lord Nibbler, Ambassador to Earth, homeworld of the pizza bagel.
Nibbler: Thank you. I bear many receipts for reimbursement.
Fiona: The four welcomes of friendship to you as well, Leela. We shall manipulate your mind so we appear to be speaking your language. Do not be afraid, my child.
Leela: I'm not afraid.
Fiona: Uh, good. Good.
Leela: So, your real name is Lord Nibbler? That's a coincidence.
Nibbler: That name is for your sake. In the time it would take to pronounce one letter of my true name, a trillion cosmoses would flair into existence and sink into eternal night.
Leela: Oh, you're all so cute!
Ken When the universe was forged in the crucible of the Big Bang, our mighty race was already 17 years old.
Leela: Aww!
Ken Ever since, we have waged unceasing war against these dreadful--
Nibblonian Chef: Lunch is ready.
Ken: Then let the feast of a thousand hams begin.
Leela: So why are these Brain Spawn attacking Earth, Nibbler?
Nibbler: The Brain Spawn hate all consciousness. The thoughts of others screech at them like the forced laughs of a billion art house movie patrons.
Ken: Thus, they travel from world to world making everyone stupid in order to wipe out all thought in the universe.
Leela: Wipe out all thought? My God! They're like flying televisions.
Fiona: And even we are powerless to stop them, fearsome though we are.
Nibbler The fate of your world, perhaps all worlds, rests in his special mind.
Leela: Now, when you say "special"...
Fry: Attention, New New Yorkers. Stop acting so stupid!
Ken: Nibblonian fleet holding at perimeter of moron zone, formerly known as "Earth".
Leela: Why would Fry be immune to the flying brains? Because he doesn't shower?
Fiona: The Brain Spawn suppress intelligence by attacking the delta brain wave. Every animal and robot in the universe generates this wave, as do certain trees.
Nibbler: Fry, however, does not.
Fiona brain waves into a working mind.
Leela: Like a prom dress made from carpet remnants.
Nibbler: Yes, like your prom dress.
Ken: The Brain Spawn are commanded by a giant, evil brain with a gooey centre of pure hate.
Fiona will do the rest.
Leela: You can count on me.
Fiona: No, we can't. Once on Earth, you will be too stupid to remember the message.
Nibbler: That's why we wrote it down for you.
Ken: We've also prepared a bag lunch and some mittens.
Fry Let's review. Who was our first president?
Amy: Um.
Bender: A pickle jar?
Washington: Thomas Jefferson?
Fry: Leela! I've been so worried. Are you a bonehead?
Leela: I ... have to tell ... must ... important ... something--
Fry: Whoa, whoa! Slow down. You're going a mile a minute.
Leela: This! You for this!
Fry: Thanks!
Leela Ow! Fire hot.
Farnsworth Fire indeed hot!
Arthur: Oh! Chester A. Arthur fall down.
Leela: Brain. Brain make people dumb.
Fry.
Leela: You go fight biggest brain of all.
Fry: Even bigger than those? Holy nuts! Where is it?
Leela: I 'unno!
Fry!
Big Brain What do you want?
Fry: I'm here to kick your ass.
Big Brain Odd. My stupefaction field is having no effect on your ability to think.
Fry Thinking ... thinking...
Big Brain: Oh! Stop that!
Fry Aha! Prepare to be thought at. Leela, give me a topic.
Leela: Duh...
Fry!
Big Brain: No! It's unbearable!
Fiona Nibblonians to Nibble stations. Prepare cuddle bug for deployment in 40 nibblets.
Nibbler: Sometimes I fear we are cute.
Fiona: Oh, niggle-snoosh!
Fry: Take that! And that! This sentence I don't understand but take this one!
Big Brain Each book in this room is a gateway to a mental realm and I shall take you there and imprison you forever.
Leela: Icky!
Fry: Where are we?
Ahab: A gold doubloon to the man who first spies the white whale.
Queequeg: Big whale over there.
Ahab: Arr! I saw it first!
Queequeg: Wait! That no white whale. It grey, think-y whale!
Fry: Queequeg, let go of me! I have to kill it!
Big Brain: Farewell! You will all be trapped in this dense, symbolist tome forever!
Fry: Follow him! It's our only way out!
Fry: Excuse me, have you seen a giant brain?
Tom Sawyer: Yep. I let him help me whitewash Aunt Polly's fence.
Big Brain: Tom Sawyer, you tricked me. This is less fun than previously indicated. Let this corny slice of Americana be your tomb for all eternity.
Tom Sawyer: Please, no!
Fry: Come on!
Woman: Mr. Fry, Mama tells us you're quite the oddity; a bachelor at your age.
Fry an oddity? Wait'll you see--
Butler: Presenting the most eligible landowner in all Hertfordshire, Mr. Brainly.
Big Brain: I'm a gigantic brain!
Man #1: I say!
Man #2: Most un-gentleman-like!
Woman: Mr. Brainly, what news have you of the London season?
Big Brain: Well--
Fry: Hey, Brain-y! Think fast!
Big Brain: I always think fast.
Ahab: The whale! He be white now!
Fry: Leela, I've got an idea. Stay here with Queequeg.
Leela: Is there Mrs. Queequeg?
Fry Alright, Brain. Get ready for some electroshock treatment!
Leela Nooo!
Fry Now he's trapped in a book I wrote; a crummy world of plot holes and spelling errors.
Big Brain!
Nibbler: The Big Brain is defeated. Let what must be done be done.
Leela: Me ... feel ... a bit better in cognitive faculties.
Fry And it's all thanks to the books at my local library.
Nibbler: And so life returned to normal, or as normal as it gets on this primitive dirtball inhabited by psychotic apes.
Nibbler: Thanks to the effect of the brain rays, the people of Earth had no memory of what had transpired, except Fry, and no one believed him or cared what he had to say.
Nibbler: I, meanwhile, returned to my post, ever vigilant, lest Earth again come under Brain attack. And when that day comes, God help us. God help us all.
Leela: Time for a diap-y change!
Nibbler: End transmission.
Humorbot 5.0 And then they built the super collider. Thank you, you've been a great audience.
Florp up for Bobcat Zoidberg!
Fry: Alright!
Leela: Yeah!
Bender: Alright, Zoidberg!
Zoidberg On Earth, everybody is always looking for a giant squid. On my planet--
Bender: Reload.
Zoidberg: So these three parasitic worms bore into a human's head--
Woman #1: Ew, gross.
Zoidberg Wait, stop! I've got more!
Zoidberg: My whole life I worked on that act. And they hated it.
Hermes: You're a crazy, penniless, lobster doctor. No combination of you should be a comedian.
Zoidberg: But comedy is in my valves. My Uncle Harold was a big Hollywood star back in the era of silent holograms.
Leela: Your uncle was Harold Zoid?
Zoidberg: This I cannot deny.
Farnsworth: Why, I've been a Harold Zoid fan since back when my hips were made of bone. As it happens, I still have some of my original 78s.
Hermes: You're right, crabby. He's a hell of a lot funnier than you could ever be.
Zoidberg: Maybe so, but perhaps if I wrote him and asked for a few hundred pointers...
Zoidberg Dear Uncle Zoid, greetings from your long-lost nephew. Norm and Sam and Sadie's boy, remember?
Zoidberg: Now I am the most important doctor at the delivery company where I work. But, sadly, my life is bereft of laughter.
Zoid Oy, isn't that nice? He took the time.
Woman #2: What's that scribbledy-gook?
Zoid Dear Rich Doctor Nephew, I can help you be funny. The first funny thing you must do is put all your money in the form of a cashier's check and come to Hollywood.
Zoidberg Did you hear that? I'm going to Hollywood!
Tour Guide Fox uses those searchlights to blind pilots, then film the resulting plane crashes.
Bender: Neat!
Tour Guide?
Bender Bender is!
Tour Guide: Then you'll wanna get a close look at his luxurious Bel-Air home.
Bender: Yes, I will.
Calculon: Are you my new hot water heater?
Bender: No, I'm Bender. We met once, remember?
Calculon: Absolutely not.
Bender: Come on, don't you remember how much I was bugging you, don't you? 'Cause it was a lot, you remember, right?
Calculon Have you got an extra GOTO 10 line? I said I don't need a bender.
Bender: Bender? That was the other guy. My name's Boiler.
Calculon: Nice work, Boiler.
Bender: Thanks. And call me Bender.
Zoidberg: That's where I'm meeting Uncle Zoid for lunch to discuss my Hollywood dreams. Next time you see me, don't be surprised if I've eaten.
Zoidberg: Uncle Zoid, you're looking young enough to be thrown back!
Zoid So, here we are: A still-famous film comedian.
Zoidberg: And a rich, respected doctor with many surviving patients.
Zoid: Eating real food in a restaurant, as we both often do. So, you want to be a comedian, is it?
Zoidberg: It's my lifelong dream.
Zoid You're unfunny and untalented. That's why you're perfect for drama.
Zoidberg: Hmm. Serious drama. Perhaps it is time to give up comedy.
Zoid Uh, of fame.
Zoidberg: Ah, fame. Where do I come in?
Zoid you completely finance it with your doctor money. So, are you in?
Zoidberg: Uh, OK. How much do I have to invest?
Zoid Then it's settled. Another blockbuster Hollywood deal.
Waiter: What can I get you gentlemen?
Zoidberg: Is bread free?
Waiter: Yeah.
Zoidberg: We'll split an order.
Bender: What's with Monstro?
Fry: He promised he'd give his Uncle Zoid a million bucks to make a movie.
Zoidberg: I've only been here a day and already I'm a Hollywood phoney.
Bender: Well, perhaps I could call on TV's Calculon to help, now that I'm in showbiz.
Fry: Since when have you been in the biz?
Bender: Long enough, little man. Long enough.
Bender film star.
Calculon: Of course. Tell me about the project.
Zoidberg: It's a movie.
Calculon: Interesting. Tell me more.
Bender can be the star.
Calculon?
Bender: And, uh, I guarantee it'll win you an Oscar.
Calculon Harold Zoid?
Zoidberg Xeroxed.
Calculon: Good heavens! A chance to work with the legendary Harold Zoid. He's one of my great idols. And-And you say you can guarantee me the Oscar?
Bender: I can guarantee anything you want.
Calculon: Then I'll do it!
Zoidberg: Hooray!
Bender: Here's your chequebook.
Calculon: Ladies and gentlemen, I give you our director, the legendary Harold Zoid!
Zoid: Thank you. A more classic movie plot there isn't: A son who does not want to follow in his father's business. And that business is being President of Earth, no less. The son, as it happens, is Vice President.
Bender: That plot makes perfect sense. Wink, wink.
Zoidberg: Bender, you said "wink, wink" out loud.
Bender: No, I didn't. Raise middle finger.
Zoid: Now remember, and I can't stress this enough, this is a talkie, so I want the full gamut of emotions from every actor in every scene.
Zoidberg. Scene one, take one.
Zoid: And, action!
Calculon dream, not mine.
Zoid I said this is a talkie, damnit! You've got to emote more! And you extras, wave your arms and make faces. What is this, a morgue?
Zoidberg. Scene 10, take 95.
Zoid: Action. And I mean circus-grade action.
Calculon: Sir, I call upon you not as a President but as a father.
Zoid Throw a pie or two, for God's sake.
Calculon: Nooo!
Zoid: Cut, cut it! Eck! Look, look, it's alright, kid. We'll, uh, we'll get it in editing. Alright, that's a wrap, everybody. I'm gonna see you all at the premiere which, by the way, when is?
Zoidberg: Well, editing is a long and expensive process but we spent all the money on pies, so it'll be ready Friday.
Bender: Nice turnout, Calculon. That Oscar's practically on your mantel.
Calculon: I just pray they like me half as much as I do.
Calculon Thank you, Lieutenant Smith.
Zoidberg: Good morning, Mr. Vice President!
Fry My only goal in life was to attend a Hollywood shindig. Just pay the valet the two bucks.
Leela: No! It's the principle of the thing. Besides, I think I see a parking lot up ahead.
Calculon: Father, I've asked you to join me on the White House roof so we could have a heart-to-heart talk. I will never follow in your footsteps. Here is my resignation as Vice President.
Zoid: No! My son will not shame me like this. I would sooner die, I would!
Calculon: Father! The ledge!
Zoid: Oy!
Calculon: Oh!
Zoidberg: The President is dead. Congratulations, Mr. President!
Calculon: Nooo!
Bender: Woo-hoo! Yeah! He's a visionary!
Calculon: Everyone walked out. They hated it. I've seen plagues that had better opening nights than this. You said that Oscar was practically on my mantel.
Bender: Now you know why I use the qualifier, "practically".
Calculon: You listen to me. I'm out a million bucks here! You get me that Oscar or you're dead! You and these snivelling lobsters! Dead. You hear me? Dead!
Zoid: Oy, now he emotes!
Zoidberg: Let's just hope Calculon breaks our legs; they'll grow back.
Zoid: He's gonna kill us, you klutzel! Who told that under-acting stiff he was going to get an Oscar?
Bender: Me. It seemed like the least honest way to get him to pay for the movie.
Zoid I though you paid, with your big-shot doctor money.
Zoidberg: I lied.
Zoid: OK, enough with the blubbering, already. The way I directed the hell out of him, he may still very well get the nomination.
Bender: Wink.
Calculon: 400 categories and not a single nomination for me.
Zoidberg: But you won this Golden Globe!
Calculon I told you I want an Oscar.
Bender: Then maybe you should act better.
Calculon: The Oscar isn't about acting. It's about earning the respect and admiration of the creative community.
Zoid: How 'bout we rig the awards?
Calculon: That's fine too.
Leela: It's no use. The tar is too thick. Plus, I think I flooded it.
Fry Oh, my God! Sylvester Stallone!
Zoidberg: This is where you live? I though you were a big-shot Hollywood movie star.
Zoid: No, I'm not. I'm an even bigger liar than you. My career went down the tubes the day they invented smell-a-vision.
Bender: Calculon's gonna kill us for sure. It's all everybody else's fault.
Zoid: Oy. All I wanted was for people to think of me one last time before I die.
Zoidberg remembers Harold Zoid!
Zoid: As a pathetic has-been, they remember me. As a forgotten relic, they remember me. Bah! It's better to die now.
Zoidberg: No. This is one death Dr. Zoidberg won't be responsible for. Zoidberg away!
Rivers: Hi, I'm Joan Rivers' head. I tell you, I've had so many face-lifts, they finally lifted it right off my body! It's true, it's true! Oh, oh, oh! Here comes Jack Nicholson's DNA reconstituted in a gorilla body.
Bender: Catering.
Rivers: Oh, and here's washed-up actor, whatshisname, Harold Zoid. Are you presenting one of those tacky honorary awards, or just getting one?
Zoid: I'm a seat-filler, Joan's head. My only marketable skill is to occupy space.
Calculon win that award, you're cat food. Right, Boxy?
Announcer: And now, the host of the 1074th Academy Awards, Billy Crystal.
Crystal Our first award tonight: Best Cinematography in a Non-Visible Spectrum.
Fry: It's been two weeks. You wanna play tic-tac-toe again before we eat our shoes?
Leela?
Fry?
Leela The Los Angeles subway! We can blast our way in and escape!
Fry: Alright, but I still feel like having a shoe.
Zoidberg: What category are they on?
Bender: They're giving out the minor technical awards. I think they're up to writing.
Zoidberg: That just leaves Best Soft-Drink Product Placement and then Best Actor. We don't have much time.
Crystal: And the nominees for Best Soft-Drink Product Placement are:
Slurm Machine.
Bender ... Dr. Zoidberg.
Calculon: OK, Boxy, keep your prong on the trigger.
Zoidberg.
Man #1: Uh-oh, he read the wrong name.
Man #2: Shh, just play along, like they did for Marisa Tomei.
Zoid: Hooray, I won't be murdered. I'll live another day. Another day of ... pathetic, forgotten misery.
Zoidberg And the winner, instead of any of the nominees, is the legendary Harold Zoid!
Zoid ... or just one die-hard fan.
Zoid Now I can die happy. 10 seconds from now, when Calculon kills us.
Calculon: Harold Zoid!
Bender: Hit the deck!
Calculon: Where's that Oscar?
Zoid: Here, enjoy. What are you getting upset? It's slightly less fraudulent for you to have it.
Calculon: Yes. Yes, it's a real beauty. Someday I hope to win one of my own.
Bender: Then you're not going to kill us, Your Majesty?
Calculon: Nay. I respect and admire Harold Zoid too much to beat him to death with his own Oscar.
Zoidberg: Earthquake!
Bender: Hit the deck!
Zoid: Let the earth quake, I've got somebody's Oscar!
Fry: We made it! I'm at a Hollywood party!
Doorman: I'm sorry, sir, this is a private-- Oh, pardon me, I see you're with Mr. Stallone.
Morbo Tremble, puny earthlings! One day my race will destroy you all!
Leela: Could one of you guys get that?
Leela Hello, little guy. You know, I was abandoned as a baby too, so--
Bender: Garbage, huh? I'll take care of it.
Leela: Bender, stop! It's a baby!
Bender Ow!
Leela: Oh, it's just a card. From the orphanarium I grew up in.
Card Please stand clear of self-destructing basket.
Bender: A reunion at your old orphanarium, eh? You gonna go?
Leela: No way, Jose-bot. I never wanna see those other orphans again! Not after the way they used to pick on me.
Kids: One-eye! One-eye! One-eye!
Kirk: Nice depth-perception, one-eye!
Leela: How can you make fun of me, Kirk? You're blind!
Kirk: My eyes may not work, but at least I got two of them!
Fry: Aww. That's terrible, Leela. But imagine the look on their faces when you show up with two friends who eat all the hors d'Oeuvres.
Leela: Well, I wouldn't mind rubbing my success in a few choice faces.
Bender: Set a course for adventure!
Fry: Ew!
Bender: What a dump!
Leela Mr. Vogel? Remember me?
Vogel: Leela! You're worthless and no one will ever love you!
Leela: You used to say that all the time!
Vogel: Oh, those were happier days.
Fry: Mmm! The gristle-in-a-blanket isn't half bad.
Bender: And try one of these Popsicle sticks. They've absorbed quite a bit of flavour.
Leela: Hey, look. It's our old group picture.
Fry: I don't see you anywhere.
Leela: That's me over in Cootietown.
Bender: Whoa! Get a load of this average-looking guy!
Leela: That's Adlai Atkins. I used to have kind of a crush on him.
Kids: One-eye! One-eye!
French Guy: Stupid as a French guy!
Kids: One-eye! One-eye! One-eye! One-eye! One-eye! One-eye! One-eye! One-eye!
Leela: Well, it's time to say hello to the old gang.
Man #1: So, whatcha been up to since you left the orphanarium?
Man #2: Uh, living in a box, fighting the shakes. You?
Man #1: Selling kidneys, teeth, whatever falls out of me.
Leela: And what am I up to, you ask? Why, I'm a very successful space captain.
Man #2: Oh.
Man #1: Wow.
Man #3: How nice for you, Leela.
Woman: That's so good for a person with one eye.
Leela: Hey! You can't feel sorry for me! I'm a space captain and you're a bunch of losers.
Man #1 the losers!
Kirk: Well, if it isn't old one-eye!
Leela: Oh, yeah? Well, shut up, cane boy!
Man #3: He can't hear you. He's deaf now.
Adlai: Leave Leela alone. She's leading a perfectly normal life. She's not gussied up, duded out, getting down or where it's at. Now run along.
Leela: Thanks, Adlai. I guess you never really outgrow being an eyeball-- Oddball!
Adlai: Nonsense. You're a space captain. That's a fine, conventional profession.
Leela: Well, you know, it's just for a package delivery service.
Adlai: Ah-ah. A package is just a box until it's delivered.
Leela: Huh. I'd never thought of it that way. So what do you do these days?
Adlai: Oh, I'm a doctor.
Leela: A tall doctor, you say?
Vogel: Sir, you seem pretty stable. Have you thought about adopting one of our kids?
Fry: Sure haven't.
Vogel: Well keep adoption in mind. It's a great way to have a kid without having sex.
Fry: Really?
Vogel: Plus, the government will help out with a small stipend of $100 a week.
Bender: $100 a week?
Adlai: I'm so sorry I teased you back then. Let me make it up to you. I can fix it so no one ever makes fun of you again.
Leela: You mean by beating them up? Because I've broken that blind kid's nose like 10 times and it doesn't make any difference.
Adlai: No, I specialise in phaser eye surgery. I can build you a paraffin eye and graft it on with skin from your foot. It won't be able to see but you'll look like a perfectly normal two-eyed person.
Leela: Me? Perfectly normal?
Bender: Sons, daughters, meet Uncle Fry.
Fry: Hey, why are those kids following you? Do you have candy stuck to your ass?
Bender: No. It's called "parenting". Come on, dumplings. We've got 12 government stipends to collect.
Boy: Our daddy's a giant toy!
Farnsworth: Phaser eye surgery is a capital idea. I'm sure Leela's tired of morons gaping at her eye all the time.
Amy ... and here.
Fry: You guys are crazy. Leela doesn't need surgery. You look great the way you are.
Leela: Oh, that's so sweet, Fry. But for once in my life, I just wanna look normal.
Frynormal. If you ask me, you shouldn't care what other people think.
Leela I'm getting the surgery.
Farnsworth: That a girl!
Amy: Right on!
Zoidberg: Wonderful. And while you're under the knife, you could also get an ink pouch to help you escape your enemies.
Farnsworth: That's the stupidest idea I've ever heard, you imbecile!
Adlai Oops.
Amy: Leela, those eyes look so great on you.
Fry: Bah! I think she looked fine before.
Farnsworth: No.
Zoidberg: No.
Amy: Uh-uh.
Hermes: Wrong.
Leela: Wow, look at me. Although I don't have the hang of blinking yet.
Adlai: You'll get it. Personally, I try not to blink too much because it seems flashy. But when I do, I enjoy it.
Leela: I did it! I blunk!
Hermes: And just in time to screw up this picture I took!
Leela: Hooray!
Walt: Ow!
Igner: Ow!
Larry: Ow!
Leela: I've never felt so unremarkable! Today I actually blended in with a crowd!
Bender: Kids, meet the jerkbags I work with.
Kids: Hello, jerkbags!
Amy: Oh, they're so cute! What are their names?
Bender?
Nina: My name's Nina, and his name's Albert--
Bender Lookie here! My first government stipend cheque! 12 baby humans, 1200 wing-wangs!
Sally: Daddy Bender, we're hungry.
Bender Oh, fine. I'll get you some stupid food.
Albert: Can we have Bender burgers again?
Bender: No. The cat shelter's on to me!
Adlai: Hello, Leela. I was in a nearby tailor getting one of my Hawai'ian shirts toned down, so I thought I'd drop in for your follow-up exam.
Leela: Oh. That's so handsome of you.
Adlai As for me, I'm somewhat interested myself.
Leela: What are you saying?
Adlai: I've never been good with words, which is why I'm in such a delicate conundrum. Will you go out with me this Sunday?
Leela: Sure!
Adlai: I don't know what else to say, so I'll just say it. Okey-dokey, see you then.
Fry: This is so unfair! I liked you back when you were a cyclops! That guy's only interested now that you have two eyes.
Leela: You're just jealous!
Fry: No, I'm not! Oh, wait, I am. But my point remains valid!
Leela: Fry, I just wanna try dating a normal man, who if you go somewhere with him no one says he's crummy. I think I deserve that once in life.
Zoidberg: Be careful with that Adlai, Leela, he's a doctor, they're very poor.
Leela: Actually, most doctors are rich.
Zoidberg That's not funny!
Bender: OK, they've got everything you need here: Booze, a couple of peanuts, they got a crapper in the back. That's one of the things you kids do, right?
Albert: Yeah.
Bender Hey! Hey! Only eat and drink enough to barely keep yourselves alive! I'm trying to make a profit here.
Nina: Daddy! Bethany's hitting me!
Bender: Here.
Fembot: These kids yours?
Bender: Yeah.
Fembot: Ooh. I'm attracted to a man with responsibility!
Bender: That's me, baby! Let me just ditch the kids in an alley and we can go have some fun.
Boy: Daddy Bender?
Bender: Son, daddy's trying to score with a cheap floozy right now, so we need you to cram a Tinkertoy in it!
Boy: I love you, Daddy Bender!
Bender: Hey, what the hell are you doing? Quit hugging me!
Fembot: I guess you're busy. I'll catch you later.
Bender Oh, come on!
Adlai: I thought I'd take you someplace ordinary, a place no one could object to.
Leela: That sounds wonderful.
Man #4: I'd like an extra-beautiful bouquet for my extra-gorgeous sweetheart.
Adlai: Average, please.
Leela: Oh, Adlai, I've had a wonderful time today. No one's stared at me or avoided staring at me or tried to burn me. You make me feel so not weird.
Adlai: Leela, you're 999,999 in a million!
Leela: Thanks for coming out to get to know my boyfriend. Isn't he dreamy?
Zoidberg: Totally.
Adlai: Uh, listen. I just want you all to know your Leela's one standard lady.
Leela: Oh, Adlai, stop!
Fry: What's so wonderful about Leela being normal? The rest of us aren't normal and that's what makes us great. Like Dr. Zoidberg: He's a weird monster who smells like he eats garbage and does.
Zoidberg: Damn right!
Fry Hermes is a Rastafarian accountant.
Hermes: Tally me banana.
Fry: Amy's a klutz from Mars.
Amy: Sploops!
Farnsworth: And, Fry, you've got that brain thing.
Fry: I already did! So, Leela, do you wanna be like us? Or do you wanna be like Adlai with no severe mental or social problems whatsoever?
Leela: That's the dumbest question I ever heard!
Farnsworth: She's right!
Zoidberg: No doubt about it.
Amy: Duh!
Hermes: Daylight come!
Bender: Coming through, watch your heads!
Zoidberg: Help! I'm under attack!
Bender: Remember your manners, kids. Forks go in the left pocket, spoons in the right.
Elzar: Which one of you cutie muffins gets the children's spicy squab?
Sam: Me!
Bender: Ah-ah-ah! What do we say when someone gives you something?
Sam: 'Bout time!
Bender: That's my boy!
Elzar: And here's your check. Bam!
Albert: I gotta go poopy!
Bender: Well you should've gone poopy before it was time to run out on the check! C'mon! Go, go! Through the kitchen!
Elzar: You little crooks! If I catch you I'm going to make cutie-muffin gumbo!
Adlai: You know, seeing that strange robot force 12 children to do his bidding makes me think about kids of our own.
Leela: Us? Me? You? Kids?
Adlai bachelor loca, settle down and have kids.
Leela: Oh, Adlai, this is the most beautiful moment of my life!
Albert: Daddy Bender, I want a piggy back ride.
Bender: Daddy's tired. Let's just have another dog-pile on Fry.
Sally: Tell us a story, Daddy Bender.
Kids: Story! Story! Story!
Bender: Alright, fine, gather round.
Nina: We wanna hear this one again!
Bender: "Bender's Arrest Record" by the police. On March 3rd at 2pm, Bender was caught shoplifting.
Albert There he is!
Bender The grown-ups have to talk. Come on, Ma.
Bender Oh! I need a calculator.
Fry: You are a calculator.
Bender I'm getting 100 bucks a kid and they're costing me 110!
Fry: There goes my new kitchen cabinets.
Bender: I'm not sitting through one more PTA meeting. The kids have got to go!
Sam: Daddy, how do I flush you?
Bender: Just go to bed!
Adlai: You know, doing this jigsaw puzzle of a pacifier factory makes me want to have children with you all the more.
Leela: Adlai, I was thinking, since we're both orphans, maybe we should adopt a child.
Adlai: Adoption? Yes, that's acceptable. Heck, it's more than acceptable, it's adequately satisfactory!
Bender What?
Leela: Hi, Bender. We'd like to adopt a child.
Bender discount orphans. Now, little lady. What do I have to do to send you home with 12 orphans today?
Adlai: Uh, I'm afraid we only want one.
Bender: Whatever you say, chief. I'll show you what I got in stock.
Leela: I remember this from when we were kids: The warden would trot you out in front of prospective parents and they'd judge you like a piece of meat.
Albert: I'm Albert.
Leela: Kind of fatty.
Bender: Then how about this little number? Pure-bred human. No vampire in there.
Leela: Uh, um.
Adlai: Hmm.
Bender Cursed with a third ear but so full of that emotion I understand is called "love".
Sally: One time, I did a hundred jump ropes.
Leela: Oh, I can't decide. We're gonna have to think about it.
Bender: OK, kids, grown-ups gotta talk now, time for bed.
Albert: But it's 10 in the morning!
Bender: I said hit the hay!
Leela: Oh, they're all so adorable.
Bender: Yeah. You know, it's times like this I can hardly bear to let them go. Goodnight, you princes of Maine, you kings of New New England.
Smitty food and misrepresenting the weight of livestock.
Bender: If you had kids of your own, you'd understand!
Leela: Officer, would it be alright if we adopted one of the kids?
Smitty: Might as well. They're just gonna rot in the evidence locker.
Orphan #1: Nice ear!
Orphan #2: Hey, freaky ears!
Orphan #3: How's you hearing?
Leela: I've made up my mind. Let's adopt her.
Adlai: Her? But there's plenty of normal ones.
Leela: Come on, Adlai. She could really use a mom and dad.
Kids: Ear-face! Ear-face! Sally won the ugly race!
Adlai: On the other hand, the children bring up a good point. She does have an ear on her face.
Leela: Well? So what? She may be different but she still deserves a good home.
Adlai: Oh, alright. If you really want that one, I can give her an operation to make her acceptable.
Leela: She doesn't need an operation! She's fine the way she is!
Adlai were?
Leela: Damn right I was!
Fry: Yay!
Leela: Shut up, Fry. Now look, Adlai. I'm proud to be different. And I just wished I'd realised that when I was her age.
Sally: I also have a tail!
Leela: Now take me to the hospital and put my eye back the way it was. Right now!
Adlai: Why should I do that?
Leela: Listen, buddy. By the end of the day, one of us is gonna have one eye.
Vogel: In recognition of Bender's generous gift of 12 orphans and a government cheque for 1200 wing-wangs, I hereby rename this building the Bender B. Rodriguez Orphanarium!
Fry: It's good to have the old weird-looking Leela back.
Leela: Aww! You're a true friend, Fry. I guess there's nothing wrong with being a little weird.
Fry: Leela, there's nothing wrong with anything.
Albert: We'll miss you, Daddy Bender.
Nina: We know robots don't have emotions but we drawed you this picture.
Sally: So if you ever miss us, even just a teeny bit, you can look at it.
Bender I hate you! I hate you all!
Mr. Wong: Yes?
Amy: Hi, Dad. It's me and my co-workers.
Mrs. Wong.
Mrs. Wong: Howdy, friends! Welcome to Mars!
Leela: Thanks so much for inviting us, Mr. Wong. I've never been to a Mars Day barbecue.
Mr. Wong: Oh, Mars Day much better than Earth Day. Dump trash wherever you want! Big, empty planet!
Mrs. Wong: OK, then. Make yourselves at home.
Zoidberg bubble bath? There was only enough to fill the tub halfway.
Farnsworth: This is quite a large ranch you have.
Mr. Wong That the best hemisphere!
Farnsworth: It's the same on Earth.
Mr. Wong: Here is most number one product of all: The mighty buggalo. They used for everything; meat, milk and their shells make good row boat.
Zoidberg: I broke your television.
Hermes: Mon, it must take forever to brand all those cattle.
Mr. Wong: Not really. We own so much stuff it easier just to brand everything that not ours.
Hermes: Please don't do that.
Amy This is my sweet, little Betsy. I raised her from a larva that ate one of my sweaters.
Mr. Wong: Yes, everybody love Betsy. We going to eat her at Amy's wedding. If she ever get married!
Amy: Dad! Gleesh! Please don't say things like that when you meet my boyfriend tonight.
Mr. Wong.
Mrs. Wong: I just hope he's a nice man who can make us lot of grandchildren. This not some parallel universe where you getting any younger.
Zapp: Now remember, Kif, the quickest way to a girl's bed is through her parents. Have sex with them and you're in.
Kif: Actually, sir, I'm-I'm a little nervous about meeting her family.
Zapp: Well that's natural. After all you're meek and uninteresting. Until now you've gotten by on my left-over charisma, scrounging off it like a tiny charisma parasite.
Kif: I just hope they like me.
Zapp!
Bender Oh, yeah! Drop another barnyard bomb on us, Vanilla Corn!
DJ: Yo, fool, it's Mixmaster Festus!
Fry: So what's Mars Day about, anyway?
Mrs. Wong: It commemorate the day centuries ago when our ancestor, Sir Reginald Wong, bought Mars from stupid natives.
Leela: How can you call the Native Martians "stupid"?
Mr. Wong: They sell whole planet for one bead. Sound stupid to me!
Farnsworth stupid!
Leela: I can't believe you're laughing at the tragic exploitation of a proud, bead-loving people.
Fry: Lighten up, Leela. It's funny!
Leela: Of course it is. But you don't have to laugh!
Kif: Amy, no! Not on your parents' planet!
RJ: Howdy, Amy. Glad to see you've come back to the country. It's where the flavour is.
Amy: RJ, this is my boyfriend, Kif.
RJ Cigarette, partner?
Kif: Oh, I don't--
RJ: I haven't even lit it yet!
Kif: Oh. Is it lit now?
RJ You're pathetic!
Zoidberg: Host-man! Host-woman! I'm having a wonderful time!
Mr. Wong: You here five hours and already you tear up couch, draw moustache on priceless painting and fill pool with brine shrimp.
Zoidberg By the way, I took the liberty of fertilising your caviar.
Amy: Just relax. I'm sure my parents will love you.
Kif Oh, goodness! Oh, odds and bodkins!
Fry: I'll have a thorax and some feelers.
Mr. Wong: You want some salad with that?
Fry: Yuck!
Amy: Mom? Dad? You remember Kif?
Mr. Wong: This your boyfriend? I have instant dislike of him!
Mrs. Wong: He too scrawny to father grandchildren.
Amy: He's not scrawny, he's just small-boned.
Kif: Actually, I don't have bones. I'm supported by a system of fluid-filled bladders that--
Mr. Wong: Yes, yes! You a big squishy wuss! Amy should be dating real man. Like him!
Kif: I can be manly too. I think I'll, uh, light up a smoke.
Amy: Wrong way!
Kif: Smooth!
Amy: Look on the bright side: My parents left after you passed out so they didn't even see you barf.
Kif: Oh, now they'll never think I'm manly enough to date their daughter.
Amy I'll go get you a tissue from your tote.
RJ: Hey there, Amy. Like you to meet my buddy, Joe.
Joe club!
RJ: Kids love him!
Fry: What's that weird sound?
Mr. Wong: Dust storm! Oh, dust storm! Everybody into house. Hurry, before we die. And wipe your damn feet!
Mrs. Wong: Phew! Everyone OK? No one considering lawsuit?
Farnsworth: Hmm. I might have mental anguish.
Mr. Wong: I'll have you know I'm friends with every judge on planet.
Farnsworth: I'm OK then.
Mrs. Wong: Storm dying down. Leo, check if buggalo herd is OK.
Mr. Wong: Oh!
Leela: What happened to the buggalo?
Mr. Wong: They been rustled under cover of storm. We ruined!
Zoidberg: Nooo!
Amy: Don't worry, Daddy. It'll be OK.
Mr. Wong Drunken garbage can?
Hermes: This sounds like a job for--
Kif: Lieutenant Kif Kroker!
Hermes: Alright then.
Mr. Wong: Aye-ah! Those buggalo are what made Wong family so rich and powerful. Oh, Inez, with them stolen, we ruined!
Mrs. Wong: OK. I want a divorce.
Zoidberg: Mom! Dad! Don't ask me to choose!
Amy: They're not your parents, I'm not your sister and that's not your golf cart.
Zoidberg: Aw!
Amy: Everybody just calm down. Kif promised he'd catch the rustlers.
Kif: Mrs. Wong, do you have a neckerchief I could borrow?
Kif: My plan is to take all the remaining buggalo and lead them on a rough, tough cattle drive. Then, when the rustlers attack, I'll make a citizen's arrest!
Farnsworth: It sounds dangerous. Someone could get killed. Fry, Leela, Bender, I want you to go with him.
Fry: Aw, man!
Kif: Don't worry, Mr. and Mrs. Wong. I'll get your cattle back or die trying.
Mr. Wong: Hey, we can't lose!
Amy: No, Kif! It's too risky. You don't have to do this to prove your manliness.
Mrs. Wong: Oh, yes he does!
RJ: Here are your mounts!
Leela: She's got a fine coat.
Kif: Now, we need buggalo to lure the rustlers. How many are left?
Amy Aw, she likes you!
Kif: Saddle up, men. We got some no good rustlers to ... catch!
Bender
He'd better bite my ass!
Fry: Yee-haw!
Leela: Wow, look at that: Olympus Mons, the tallest volcano in the solar system.
Fry: Where?
Leela: Right in front of you.
Fry!
Kif: We'll camp near the top. The rustlers will be sure to spot us there.
Fry: Where?
Bender: And even though the computer was off and unplugged, an image stayed on the screen. It was ... the Windows logo!
Fry: Pft, that's not scary!
Bender: It is if you're a laser printer.
Leela: OK, my turn to tell a ghost story. Once, there was this woman driving--
Fry: Hook on the hand!
Kif: OK, I've got one. This family--
Fry: Man in the attic!
Leela: Fine, Mr. Know-It-All-About-Something-Finally, you tell a story!
Fry Once, not far from here, four people set out on a cattle drive--
Bender Sorry, go on.
Fry: And then, while they sat helplessly around the campfire ... a demented knife-wielding escaped lunatic libertarian zombie mutant snuck up and--
Amy: Surprise!
Kif: Amy? What are you doing here?
Amy: I forgot to give you something before you left.
Kif: What?
Amy: Is that your camouflage reflex or are you just happy to see me?
Kif: I love it out here, Amy. I feel so manly. I have a blister, I-I spit! A-And of course, I tell no one my feelings.
Amy: But you still have them, right?
Kif: Oh, yes. But I keep them inside until I can write them in my diary.
Amy: Ah, it's a wonderful night.
Kif: It sure is. I could just lie here beside you staring at the sky all night.
Amy What's that?
Kif: Maybe we just made love.
Amy: The buggalo! They're in the crater.
Kif: The rustlers must have seen me coming and run off, scared.
Amy: Oh, Kif! You're so brave!
Kif: Sh! They'll hear us!
Kif: OK, the dynamite's in place.
Amy: Are you sure there's no other way to get the buggalo out?
Leela: Not unless your parents have thousands of helicopters at their disposal.
Amy: Well, actually--
Bender: Too late! This is more fun!
Amy: Kif! You did it! But how did you know the dynamite would work?
Kif: I once took a seminar in ejecting chickens from a sand dune. The principle is essentially the same.
Fry: Hey, it's that "barbecue's over" sound again.
Leela We're in the eye of the storm!
Fry: Where?
Bender: What's that?
Fry: My God!
Leela: Who are they?
Singing Wind: Fehk! We are the Native Martians.
Fry: Also, I didn't know buggalo could fly.
Singing Wind: Only those who revere Mother Mars can fly buggalo. And only they shall have buggalo. And they're us.
Kif: But your, um, Martian-ness, these buggalo aren't yours. They belong to the Wong family.
Singing Wind: You mean family that took all Martian land and gave us one lousy bead?
Amy And you are?
Singing Wind: Mad at Wong family! We plan to ruin them by stealing buggalo. But now we take girl instead.
Amy: Wait! I'm too rich to be kidnapped!
Kif: Amy! Nooo!
Bender: Don't worry, Kif. I'm sure some other beautiful, rich girl will fall in love with you.
Mr. Wong: Hooray! You bring back cattle.
Kif: Yes ... but ... I'm afraid I've got some bad news as well.
Mrs. Wong Why Amy being so quiet?
Kif: Um ... well, um ... that is, um...
Mr. Wong I know it them 'cause they no use good grammar.
Kif: I'll get your daughter back, sir. I swear.
Mr. Wong: Forget it, squishy. You the one lose her in first place. You done enough.
Mrs. Wong: Yeah. This time we get most decorated law man in the whole universe!
Kif: You mean-- Oh, no, please. I beg you! Oh, for the love of--
Zapp: I am the man with no name. Zapp Brannigan, at your service!
Mrs. Wong: Please, Mr. Brannigan, we need you go get our daughter back.
Zapp Your gasps intrigue me. Explain.
Mr. Wong: Martians have no land. They been gently encouraged to live on reservation deep underground. No one ever dare go there.
Farnsworth: This mission is incredibly dangerous. Someone's sure to be killed. Fry, Leela, Bender--
Bender: Damn you, old man!
Leela: Aw, look. Betsy followed you, Kif!
Zapp: I didn't realise you were bringing your girlfriend, lieutenant!
Kif: She won't leave me alone.
Zapp!
Zapp: Behold: The Great Stone Face of Mars.
Fry: Hm.
Zapp: The only known entrance to the Martian reservation.
Leela: What about the Great Stone Ass of Mars?
Zapp: Well, yeah, but it's way over the other side of the planet.
Zapp: Nose-ward, ho!
Singing Wind: Fehk! I am Singing Wind, chief of the Martian tribe.
Zapp: Take me to your leader.
Singing Wind: Moving along. Why you trespass on our land?
Zapp: We come to negotiate the release of Amy Wong. And just to clarify: Land is the stuff that has sky over it.
Leela: They have such respect for the planet.
Martian #1: Cynthia used to drink Slurm.
Singing Wind: We will give back girl when we get back planet surface.
Zapp: How do we even know she's alive?
Amy: I'm fine.
Zapp: Sh! You're weakening our bargaining position. How about instead you give us the girl and we carve a bunch of our presidents into your sacred mountain?
Singing Wind: You waste words. We want return of land that was taken from us.
Bender: Uh, actually you traded it for a bead.
Singing Wind: Tribe suffer heap big buyer's remorse. We want land back!
Zapp ... no backsies!
Singing Wind: The time for stupid statements is over!
Zapp: Oh, boy!
Leela: Ow, ow, ow, ow! My eye!
Zoidberg: Ma! Pa! Our precious ranch!
Kif Stay calm, dearest! I'll save you!
Amy You're flying Betsy!
Kif: Need a lift?
Singing Wind: Great Mother Mars! He has the gift!
Leela: Yay, Kif!
Zapp: Kroker, that was one Brannigan-esque feat of heroism!
Singing Wind: We have misjudged you, green one. You fly the buggalo like us. You have true reverence for Mother Mars. Let there be peace between us.
Martian #2: Yes. Let us smoke-em peace pipe.
Kif: Smoke-em?
Singing Wind: Here, take.
Kif: Ooh, no thanks. I'm on the peace patch.
Singing Wind: You must smoke peace pipe, and you must do it peacefully. Or we'll kill you.
Kif: Well, it's just really that I don't feel that--
Zapp: Don't be such a chicken, Kif. Teenagers all smoke and they seem pretty on-the-ball.
Fry: Yeah!
Zapp: Yes, sir!
Bender: Way to suck it!
Kif Oh, monkey trumpets!
Singing Wind: You have coughed at our offer of peace. So you must die!
Martian #3: The very bead used to crush our dreams shall be used to crush your bones.
Kif: Well, actually, I don't have bones. I'm supported by a system of fluid-filled bladders that--
Fry the bead you traded your land for?
Leela: It's a gigantic diamond! That thing must be worth a fortune.
Singing Wind: Really?
Bender: Oh, Chief, you've made me the happiest girl in the world!
Amy: Y'know, if you still want your land, we could just trade back for it.
Singing Wind: Hmm. We always thought bead was worthless. We assumed our ancestors were cheated because they not have concept of ownership.
Bender: So we can have the diamond?
Singing Wind have concept of ownership. You are free to go. Sorry about all the rustling and kidnapping.
Leela: But what about your sacred land?
Singing Wind: Land shmand! We don't wanna live on this planet. It's a dump. We'll buy new planet and act like it's sacred. With cash like this, who's going to argue? Nobody, that's who!
Amy: Then Kif flew Betsy, rescued me from the tornado and made peace with the Martians.
Mr. Wong: Please! He too much of a wimp.
Mrs. Wong: Yeah. I'm sure it was all Mr. Zapp Brannigan here.
Zapp: Please, you give me too little credit.
Zoidberg: Captain Brannigan, you're always welcome here at Rancho Zoidberg!
Zoidberg: Money doesn't make good people, no, siree!
Amy: Thanks for saving my life, Kif. You're my hero.
Kif: Oh, you're kind. But your parents still don't like me.
Amy: Well globviously! But if they liked you then I wouldn't. Don't you know anything about girls?
Kif: Dear diary, I just made love for the second time!
Announcer ... Thompson's Teeth: The only teeth strong enough to eat other teeth.
Farnsworth: Good news, everyone! Today marks our dear friend Dr. Zoidberg's 10th year with Planet Express. Huzzahs are in order.
Fry: Huzzah!
Leela: Huzzah!
Amy: Huzzah!
Zoidberg: Hooray for me! Hooray for Zoidberg!
Hermes Dear employee. Has it really been five, 10 or 15 years? If not, please disregard this and get back to work. Distribute token of appreciation and applaud.
Zoidberg: Look! Coupons! I can get two oil changes for the price of one! Now if I could only afford the one ... and the car. Ah, the years! So many memories, so many strange fluids gushing out of patients' bodies--
Hermes It's empty because you haven't paid into it, you dumb stinkbug!
Zoidberg: You kept track of it all these years!
Fry! I haven't paid into the pension either. What'll I do when I retire?
Bender: I thought you were retired.
Fry: Hey, I don't see you planning for your old age.
Bender: I got plans. I'm gonna turn my on/off switch to "off".
Fry Damn! Still only $100.
Franklin: A penny saved is a penny earned. Also, could you get some athlete's foot cream for my face?
Fry: He's right! I've gotta start investing wisely.
Fry Mule. Crud!
Bender: So, you got six bucks left to retire on. I recommend Tender Vittles.
Teller like yourself is aware that we charge a $10 monthly fee.
Fry: You gotta spend money to make money.
Teller: Here you are, sir. Your account is now overdrawn by $4.
Robot: Gee, I've seen lines move faster in a sperm bank.
Bender Roberto! Is that you?
Roberto: Bender! Hey, man!
Bender: You old lunatic! How you been?
Roberto Everybody on the floor! This is a stick-up!
Bender I'm taking a Chinese cooking class at the Learning Annex.
Roberto: Cool. Ca-Can you give me a hand here?
Bender: Sure thing, pal.
Roberto Quit watering that plant and get the door!
Bender: Well, nice talking to you.
Roberto You guys are alright! Here's something for your trouble.
Bender: Hey, thanks, buddy!
Smitty: Freeze, punks! You're under arrest!
Nixon: Shoot them in the back! Quick! While they're not looking!
Bailiff: Court is in session. The Honourable Judge Whitey presiding.
Whitey: The charge is bank robbery. Now, my caddie chauffeur informs me that a bank is a place where people put money that isn't properly invested. Therefore, robbing a bank is tantamount to that most heinous of crimes, theft of money.
Hyper-Chicken: As the surveillance camera for the bank what all the judge was a-jawing about, could y'all tell us what you done seen the day of the crime?
Camera: Well, let's see. My memory's a little fuzzy, but it went exactly like this:
Hyper-Chicken: Your Honour, I move that I be disbarred for introducing this evidence against my own clients.
Hyper-Chicken: Mr. Fry, do you recognise the robot a-huggin' on you in this here hologram?
Fry: I sure do! That's the real robber and I'll never forget his name as long as I live. And that name is--
Leela: Fry! Just give a name. You don't wanna look stupid on Court TV!
Fry: You're right. You're right. It was--
Whitey: Yes? What? You say if I testify I'll be killed? Oh. It's for you.
Roberto: ...and the other hamburger will...
Roberto: ...also be made of your lungs. So long, pal.
Fry: I refuse to testify on the grounds that my organs will be chopped up into a patty.
Whitey: Ah, the 67th Amendment.
Hyper-Chicken: I may be a simple country Hyper-Chicken but I know when we're finger-licked. Whattya say we plead insanity?
Bender: A few months in an insane asylum? I could do that standing on my head.
Hyper-Chicken: If you start now, it might help our case.
Whitey: Counselor, what evidence do you offer to support this new plea of insanity?
Hyper-Chicken: Well, for one, they done hired me to represent them.
Whitey: Insanity plea is accepted. Mr. Bender, I hereby commit you to the asylum for criminally insane robots until such time as you are deemed cured.
Bender: Yahoo! The system fails again!
Whitey: And, Mr. Fry, I sentence you to the home for criminally insane humans.
Bailiff: Your Honour, that facility has been full ever since you ruled that being poor is a mental illness.
Whitey: Order! Order! The only poor people I want to hear about are the people who tend to my pores at the spa. Just send them both to the robot loony bin and let's go.
Fry: Ow! My head! Ow! My feet! Ow! My head! Ow! My feet!
Farnsworth: Keep your chin up!
Fry: Ow! My chin!
Fry!
Bender: Well, you meet half the qualifications.
Fry: Oh, good, a physical! Once they examine my fragile, naked, pink body, they'll see I'm not a--
Fry: What the--
Bender: I find that offensive!
Dr. Perceptron: Greetings. I am Dr. Perceptron. Let me give you something to help you relax.
Fry I'm all squishy and flabby. Also, I complain a lot.
Dr. Perceptron Terrific. Now, consider the following: You were admitted to this robot asylum. Therefore, you must be a robot. Diagnosis complete.
Fry: I do other human stuff! I age! See?
Nurse Ratchet: I'm Nurse Ratchet. Please come with me, won't you?
Nurse Ratchet: We'll meet your roommate next, shall we? His name is Malfunctioning Eddie.
Fry: The car dealer? Wow! I guess his prices really were insane.
Nurse Ratchet So don't say anything to surprise him.
Malfunctioning Eddie: Pleased to meet you.
Fry: Actually, we've met once before.
Malfunctioning Eddie?
Hairbot girl.
Bender: Whoa! Someone had a busy day.
Fry: My roommate exploded. Oh, you gotta help me, Bender. How can I prove I'm human?
Bender: You could drop dead. That'd show 'em.
Fry: I don't wanna!
Unit 2013: Hey, man. I believe you're a human.
Fry: You do?
Unit 2013 Fry, meet Norm. How's it going, pal? Still picking up transmissions from the CIA on your teeth?
Norm: They just won't stop!
Woman: The CIA cafeteria menu for the week of May 15th is as follows: Monday, shepherd's pie. Tu--
Unit 2013: Cuckoo!
Fry: Let me guess, he thinks he's Lincoln?
Unit 2013: Well, he's supposed to. Problem is he's got multiple personalities -- all of them Lincoln.
Lincolnbot: I was born in 200 log cabins.
Unit 2013 How is work in the lunchroom, Frankie?
Frankie: It's alright.
Unit 2013: Poor Frankie!
Mad Hatterbot: Change places!
Fry: Bender, I can't take much more of this! I want outta here!
Bender Ah! Sweet light crude!
Fry: But I'm not a robot like you. I don't like having discs crammed into me. Unless they're Oreos -- and then only in the mouth! Don't you understand? I'm gonna die here!
Bender: Ah, quit your bellyaching and take it like a robot.
Mad Hatterbot: Change places!
Victor: The doctor says you are making great strides with your exploding problem.
Malfunctioning Eddie: Well, the way I see it--
Fry Gimme! Gimme!
Hermes: Poor Fry! He's got the munchies for freedom!
Leela: We're all trying to help you. We've petitioned the governor but he doesn't want to appear soft on people who've been falsely imprisoned.
Fry: At least I have friends on the outside. Bender's been no help at all.
Bender No, seriously, I'm not.
Amy: Bender! You should be more ashamed of yourself than usual.
Bender: Ah, lighten up, honey. I'm just trying to get through a difficult time using humour.
Nurse Ratchet: Visiting hours are over. Time for our medication disks.
Fry: Help me! For God's sake, help me!
Farnsworth: Oh, don't worry, Fry. I too once spent a nightmare-ish time in a robot asylum. But now it's nearly over. So long.
Fry Oh, God! What? What? What is it now?
Dr. Perceptron: You are being released.
Fry: Finally! Sweet justice! Sweet, juicy justice!
Dr. Perceptron: Not you. Him.
Malfunctioning Eddie Look!
Malfunctioning Eddie: I barely exploded at all.
Dr. Perceptron: We can control that with medication.
Nurse Ratchet: Fry? Are we ready to meet our new roommate?
Roberto: Hi, Red!
Fry: Roberto! W-W-W-What are you doing here?
Roberto: I got busted robbing that bank again.
Fry: Why would you hold up the same bank twice?
Roberto?
Fry: N-- N-- N--
Roberto: Noticeably? I'll say! Now stand back, I gotta practise my stabbing.
Fry: No! Please! Help! Stop it! Please!
Bender: Hey! Keep it down in there! I'm tuning my banjo!
Roberto?
Fry I'm not a robot!
Dr. Perceptron cured.
Hermes: Oh!
Farnsworth: What a relief!
Leela: Thank God!
Dr. Perceptron: You'll notice he no longer suffers delusions of humanity.
Fry: Affirmative. I feel nothing. I am a robot. Beep, beep, beep ...
Leela: You've made a terrible mistake. He's a human being, not a machine. Oh, Fry!
Bender, y'all!
Zoidberg me a doctor. These fancy clothes do!
Fry: Negative. I must be a robot. Why else would human women refuse to date me?
Leela: Oh, lots of reasons.
Fry: Bio-units, terminate noise exchange. It is time for you to ingest sandwiches from my compartment.
Bender: Here we go. Just a minute. Aha!
Commentator: And down the stretch, it's Daddy's Little Grandpa, followed by Perennial Loser, and bringing up the rear, it's Lasty!
Bender: Come on, Lasty!
Roberto: Hey, Bender.
Bender: Roberto! Ooh, what a surprise to see you in here! Especially 'cause I didn't squeal on you, remember? Remember all that squealing I didn't do? Remember? Do you?
Roberto: Yeah, yeah. Now lie down and play dead. And don't ham it up!
Bender Anything for you, buddy.
Roberto: Wait here, Bender. I need to get a disguise.
Bender: Uh, what's with the get-up?
Roberto you so you don't squeal?
Bender So when were you planning the breakout?
Roberto: I'm thinking maybe a few seconds ago.
Bender: Quick! Let's keep escaping!
Hermes: Times two, carry the one...
Fry: Oh, you sad, worthless human.
Hermes: What are ya-- Sacred hog of Prague! That was my anniversary gift to LaBarbara!
Fry: Fear not! For I shall assist ye!
Hermes: Robots don't say "ye"!
Fry What is the meaning of this symbol?
Hermes: That's a plus sign, you pointy-haired loony! Quit thinking you're a robot!
Fry: I'll show ye!
Fry: Stand back. I'm a tool-bot.
Leela: You're not a tool-bot. You're not a food-motron. You're not a robot of any kind.
Fry: Yes, I am. I simply haven't discovered my primary function yet.
Leela: OK, this has gotta stop. I'm going to remind Fry of his humanity the way only a woman can.
Farnsworth: You're going to do his laundry?
Leela: Fry, this is for you.
Fry: Beep.
Leela: Oh, for God's sake!
Zoidberg: By a scallop's forelocks! What's with all the beer, Fry?
Fry Beep.
Roberto: Thanks for helping me escape, Bender.
Bender: Oh, it was nothing.
Roberto I wanna repay you. Let me get you something in here.
Roberto: Hands up! This is a stick-up again!
Bender: Wow! Hitting the same place three times? I admire your style, Roberto.
Roberto: Gimme the remaining dough. And the calendars ... and that pen. Try to tear it so most of the beads are on my end!
URL: Police! You're busted!
Smitty Duck! Lasers!
Bender: Come on! I got a place where I like to hide after crimes.
Amy: Aw! He looks like a little insane drunken angel.
Bender: Hey, everybody. Meet my good pal, Roberto.
Hermes: Hey, mon.
Roberto: Nice to meet you.
Smitty: Come out with your hands up.
Roberto: Hostages!
Roberto: Back off! I got hostages!
Zoidberg: Hooray! I'm helping!
Smitty: Do you have any better hostages?
Roberto: To show them who's crazy, I'm gonna execute some of you. How 'bout you?
Farnsworth: Ouch! That's going to bleed when my heart beats.
Leela: Wait! Take me first!
Bender: Yes! Take her first.
Roberto: Shut up! Stop telling me how to do this!
Zoidberg: Oh, the fear!
Roberto: I'm thinking of a number between one and ten. Guess it and you die first. Go!
Bender: Um ... OK. Fifty ... six ... ish?
Roberto? Oh, man! Now that's all I can think about! I'm gonna kill you, you ... no good ... 56-ing--
Bender: Don't kill me yet! I'm starting to come down with Stockholm Syndrome ... handsome!
Fry: Halt, fellow robot!
Roberto: Hey, Red. You're just in time to join the hostage situation. Which side you wanna be on?
Fry: The side that kicks your twisted, metal ass!
Leela: Fry! Stay back. He's too powerful.
Fry: Negative, bossy meat creature. I know now what my primary function is: I am a battle-droid. Sworn to protect the weak from crazy robots.
Roberto: I'm not crazy! Don't call me crazy! I'm just not user-friendly!
Hermes: Fry! Don't be a hero! It's not covered by the health plan!
Roberto: Let's see how much of a robot you really are!
Fry: No knife can penetrate my skin-tanium armour.
Roberto a battle-droid! Somebody help me! Mommy! I'm sorry I spilled the transmission fluid, Mommy! No! No! Don't weld me to the wall, Mommy!
Smitty: We're willing to listen to your demands.
URL: Hey, baby. Wash that off before you put it back.
Hermes: Who's brave now?
Amy: Hooray!
Zoidberg: Bravo!
Leela: You did it, Fry.
Bender: Congratulations, buddy. You're a credit to my race.
Fry Blood? Robots don't have blood. I must be a, a--
Zoidberg: A squid?
Fry: A human! Oh, my God! I'm a human!
Zoidberg: Also good.
Leela: Thanks for saving us, Fry.
Fry: I'm gonna continue never washing this cheek again.
Bender: Buddy, you may be wrapped in greasy skin, but inside, you've got the heart of a robot.
Fry: Aw. Thanks, Bender.
Bender What?
Bender: What?
Bender: Ah, beer! So many choices, and it makes so little difference.
Fry: How 'bout Löbrau? It has dots on it.
Bender: Overruled. The choice of champions is Pabst Blue Robot!
Fry: I can't drink that! The metal shavings make my throat bloody.
Bender: Baby wants a Zima!
Leela: Hey, hey! We can all fight when we're drunk. Now, listen, why don't we just brew our own beer?
Bender: You can brew your own beer?
Leela: Sure. The kids at the orphanarium used to do it all the time.
Hermes: Cursed bacteria of Liberia. My own son, suspended from boarding school.
Dwight: It's not my fault, Dad.
Farnsworth: And you, Cubert! I cloned you from one of my warts and I can send you straight back in there.
Cubert: Nuh-uh!
Zoidberg: What's going on? Is this angry yelling or busted-hearing-aid yelling?
Hermes: I'm afraid it's both.
Farnsworth: What?
LaBarbara: Now hold on. Everyone, cool your daiquiris! Let's give the little vermin a chance to explain themselves.
Dwight We were in science class and we had just finished building a miniature black hole.
Cubert: That was easy.
Bret: Pretty scrawny black hole. It must be hungry.
Cubert: Duh! Black holes don't need food.
Bret: Neither do nerds!
Dwight: My Manwich!
Cubert time! Salt him, Dwight!
Bret: When I re-solidify, I'm gonna put you in a world of goop!
Cubert: See? That bully started it. We couldn't fight back with brawn so we used our brains!
Farnsworth: I've warned you not to use those things!
Leela: Let's see. We've got our malt, our hops. We just need a big disposable tub to mix it in.
Bender: Yo!
Leela: Now it needs to boil for a couple hours.
Hermes: Dwight, you remember the crew.
Dwight: Eh.
Farnsworth Wonderful! Then I'm sure you won't mind being their legal guardians for a month!
Cubert!
Bender: We're making beer. I'm the brewery.
Dwight: I heard alcohol makes you stupid.
Fry: No I'm ... doesn't.
Leela: Actually, Dwight, you're right. Alcohol is very, very bad ... for children. But once you turn 21 it becomes very, very good. So scram!
Dwight: Aw, man!
Cubert: I'm sick of this.
Cubert: Hey, Dad. What useless contraption are you half-baking today?
Farnsworth: Eh, wha? Oh! This is my latest invention; a device that lets anyone sound exactly like me!
Cubert: Good news, everyone! I'm a horse's butt!
Farnsworth: I am? That's not good news at all, you little--
Dwight: What's this devices marketability? Who's the target consumer?
Farnsworth Now quit pestering me, you scoundrels!
Hermes: Stamp it, file it. Oh, yeah! Send it overnight!
Dwight: Can I collate that?
Hermes: No!
Cubert: Can I shred these contracts?
Hermes: No!
Dwight: Wow! A power-stamper!
Hermes Ow!
Leela: Mmm. The ingredients are cooked. And they've picked up some of your natural robot flavourings. Time to add the yeast.
Bender It's so beautiful.
Leela: Talk to me.
Farnsworth: This is Professor Farnsworth. I have an important delivery for you and your dumb crew. You must deliver a pizza to Dogdoo 8, a planet at the edge of the universe.
Cubert: Sorry I can't come down to say goodbye, but I'm busy inventing useless junk.
Dwight: And I smell bad.
Cubert: Hey!
Leela: If you were my kids, you'd get quite a talking to ... from your father ... when he got home from the Senate.
Farnsworth: Oh, bother! What have they done now?
Bender: Those pork dumplings sent us on a fake pizza delivery.
Fry: The address was on Dogdoo 8 but the universe ends right after Dogdoo 7.
Hermes: Child man, is this true?
Dwight: Yeah, but why are you mad at us? Your dummy brigade wasted a week on an obviously fake mission.
Cubert: Plus, they're making bootleg beer inside company property!
Bender: Lies! Lies and slander!
Farnsworth: Accusing gentle Bender of a misdeed? That's the last straw! You boys have been underfoot long enough!
Hermes: You jerked the words right outta my mouth. We're their fathers and it's high times we acted like it.
Bender: Ooh-hoo! Here comes violence!
Hermes: Get a job, you lazy kids!
Bender ... you have to do it yourself.
Cubert: Come on, Dad, shuffle faster!
Dwight: You don't wanna miss the unveiling of our new company, do you?
Hermes How cute! What will you be pedalling? Lemonade? Shoe shines? Cootie insurance?
Farnsworth: Perhaps they've constructed a teddy bear hospital!
Cubert: Actually, we're starting a competing delivery company.
Hermes: Welcome to the world of business!
Farnsworth: Who's going to use a delivery service with a kicked sign? Nobody, that's who!
Dwight.
Hermes: So your delivery company is just a cute, harmless paper route?
Farnsworth: Phew!
Dwight: No! It's a serious business.
Farnsworth What if a paper were to land in a puddle?
Hermes: Civilisation as we know it might get splashed!
Dwight: Why do they always treat us like dumb kids? We're practically old enough to find the Fox Network infantile!
Cubert! You got a quarter?
Dwight: Man, the ad said to allow four to six seconds for delivery.
Cubert: More like seven!
Bender: I'm really starting to swell up with beer. I must look ridiculous.
Fry: No, you have a healthy glow.
Bender: Oh, my God! I just felt it ferment!
Leela Have you thought about what to name it?
Bender: I was thinking "Benderbrau" if it's an ale, "Botweiser" if it's a lager.
Fry Ooh, I felt that one!
Cubert: Uh, there's a crack in the hull here. That could cause explosive decompression.
Dwight: Put a sticker on it.
Hermes Remember we used to call you that, huh? Tinkler?
Sal: Gets movin'! Those newspapers won'ts deliver themselveses! Only the Sunday edition can dos that.
Farnsworth: Goodness, there must be 50 papers in that bundle! That's a big number, 50.
Cubert: Yeah, if you're an idiot!
Dwight: Three, two, one.
Cubert: All systems go.
Dwight: Blast-off!
Hermes: See you at din-din!
Farnsworth: I'm blowing you a kiss.
Cubert: Take evasive action!
Farnsworth: It's closing in! You can't avoid it! It's a cheek-seeker. And ... gotcha!
Cubert: Nooo!
Hermes: Business is down, so I filed papers to have you all reclassified as slaves.
Farnsworth: Well, well. If it isn't our little munchkin moguls!
Hermes: What's the trouble, men? Need some penny rolls for your profits?
Cubert ... our paper route now has over a million customers!
Dwight: We're finally making more money than you guys! Aren't you impressed now, Pops? Aren'tcha? Aren'tcha?
Hermes: Uh, in a small way, yes. But you still don't have your own building or conference table or ... or one of those things!
Zoidberg: Hello!
Dwight: Our dads are never impressed, no matter what we do.
Cubert: Maybe we should start a fire.
Dwight: If we really wanna impress them we'll have to crush them with strategy ... Dwight Lightning!
Cubert: Very well. But I get to name the next strategy.
Announcer.
Man: I'm burning to death!
Leela on the Sun?
Hermes: People, as you know, our young sons have become great successes in the very same field as us.
Bender: Alright!
Fry: That's great!
Leela: That's good!
Hermes: Naturally, we're humiliated.
Farnsworth: That's why we need you, our loyal crew, to make Planet Express 800% more profitable.
Hermes slashing.
Leela: Uh, guys, I don't know how to tell you this, so I'll just let Fry blurt it out thoughtlessly.
Fry: We don't work for you anymore!
Farnsworth: What?
Leela: Dwight and Cubert made us a better offer. We're paperboys now.
Cubert: Incoming! We got papers to stuff, team! Hup two, hup two!
Fry: Yes, sir.
Bender: Right away!
Leela: We're on it, Mr. Farnsworth.
Farnsworth: Folks, the situation is grim but we shall prevail, thanks to you, our crack team of loyal dregs!
Hermes: I don't even know who this guy is!
Scruffy: I'm Scruffy, the janitor.
Farnsworth: Yes, of course you are. Now we've got to buckle down and save Planet Express.
Scruffy: I'm on break.
Cubert but we have an announcement.
Dwight: I direct your attention to these forms, which I'm presently engaged in handing to you.
Hermes: Sweet guinea pig of Winnipeg! They've taken over our company!
Farnsworth: Balderdash! I never agreed to that!
Dwight three years ago as a tax dodge.
Farnsworth: Tax dodge, nothing! You take one nap in a ditch at the park and they start declaring you this and that.
Cubert ... Awesome Express!
Hermes Will you be hiring?
Dwight: No.
Hermes: You rotten kids!
Fry: There. One million papers, folded and loaded!
Cubert: Hey, Leela, help me apply these flame decals I got in my cereal. They'll make the ship go faster.
Leela: And what's your scientific basis for thinking that?
Cubert: I'm 12.
Farnsworth: Oh, did I ever tell you how I used to own that ship?
Zoidberg: There but for the grace of God.
Bender (talking) Oh, my God! I think it's time!
Fry: Hurry, Leela! Get some coasters and cold mugs.
Fry: Push, Bender, push!
Leela: You're doing great!
Bender: It feels like I'm trying to push a water bed outta me.
Fry: Almost there. Just two more bottles.
Bender: Is it OK? I can't hear anything.
Fry: It's an ale! Five gallons, six ounces!
Dwight!
Cubert: We just busted our bums delivering a million papers and this is how you greet us, with a bunch of frosty, cold beers?
Fry: Hey, wait a second. How did you deliver a million papers in one hour?
Cubert: Uh ... we just did, OK? 'Cause we're awesome! Yeah! Awesome.
Dwight: Yeah, awesome!
Leela long?
Farnsworth Please?
LaBarbara: Don't you sweet talk me, you wrinkly, old tube sack!
Hermes: Might I have one too, wife?
LaBarbara: Oh, you're both pathetic, being jealous of your own offspring. Now you should be happy they became successes, instead of following in your foot stamps.
Hermes: Oh, it's true. But they grow up so fast. We just wanted a few more years of being better than them.
Farnsworth: They're so stinking talented, they don't even need their fathers anymore.
Cubert: Dad! We screwed up!
Farnsworth: You did? Tough luck, suckers!
Dwight: Please, help us, Pops. We agreed to deliver way more papers than we can handle.
Cubert: But we couldn't handle them, so we started dumping the extras in a crater on the Moon.
Dwight: And now everyone's yelling at us about our missing papers!
Cubert: And we don't know what to do!
Farnsworth: Why did you boys do all this?
Dwight: We just wanted you to be proud of us.
Hermes of you? You ruined us with sleazy business practices and a complete disregard for human decency. Of course we're proud of you!
Farnsworth: Damn right we are! Now come on, let's go do a little father-son weaselling out of this.
Farnsworth: Good thing I had this net installed for catching giraffes.
Hermes does it.
Little Prince!
Dwight: Can I use the gun, Dad?
Hermes: Aw, what kind of father would I be if I said no?
Dwight Run away! That bully, Bret Blob, lives there!
Cubert: He's ugly mean stupid stink mucus! And last week we sort of ... broke his window.
Hermes: Alright, alright. What do we do when we break somebody's window?
Dwight: Pay for it?
Hermes: Oh, heavens, no! We apologise, with nice, cheap words!
Bretbell!
Dwight: Man, you're funny. Good one, Bret.
Farnsworth.
Bret Dad!
Hermes: Don't worry, boys. I'm sure his father is a perfectly normal, reasonable man.
Horrible Gelatinous Blob: What the hell do you want?
Farnsworth: Mr. Blob, our sons have come to apologise for damaging your window. They've learned their lesson and they want to make amends.
Cubert: Sorry, sir.
Dwight: Yeah, sorry.
Horrible Gelatinous Blob: You can shove your apology into the bottom of your one-way digestive system.
Farnsworth: Now see here. We assured our sons that you'd accept their apology.
Horrible Gelatinous Blob: Aww. Tell you what, I'll accept their apology when they kiss my ass! Which I don't have!
Farnsworth: No one gives my boy that option!
Hermes: Bring it on, Jello-pop!
Cubert: Yeah, get him, Dad!
Dwight Get 'em ... Pops!
Cubert: Right.
Cubert: That was incredible! You are the bravest dads in the entire trauma centre!
Dwight: You guys almost had him ... until he digested you.
Hermes I was wrong! I can still feel pain!
Farnsworth: He's come to finish the job! Someone toss me out the window!
Horrible Gelatinous Blob: No, no, wait. I-I feel terrible about what happened. I-I've just been under a lot of stress lately down at the plant, y'know. They're-They're bringing in computers to "improve productivity" and, well, that's no excuse for how I acted. But the boy needs to see that real men solve their disagreements with words, not violence, so, uh, if you'll accept my apology, well, I hope we can put this embarrassing incident behind us.
Farnsworth: I suppose.
Bender: Hey, chumps, I heard you were on the ass-end of an ass-kicking so I figured you could use a couple these little babies.
Hermes: Oh, why not? Might as well live it up as long as I've got this catheter in me!
Farnsworth: Won't you join us, Mr. Blob?
Horrible Gelatinous Blob: Sounds like a plan!
Hermes: This is what makes life worth clinging to; three fathers enjoying a day out with their sons.
Farnsworth: It would seem we've taught our boys a lesson about life: Man or Blob, it's what's inside that counts.
Bender
Froggy went a-courtin' and Bender is great, uh-huh--
Fry There must be layers and layers of old stuff down there.
Bender: What's that? One of those Led Zeppelins I've heard so much about?
Fry Hey, Mister? Mind if I take this old van?
Sal: Sure. You wanna dump the corpses out of theres, it's yourses.
Fry: Yeah, yeah, I've gotten used cars before.
Leela: What's that? One of those Jefferson Starships I've heard so much about?
Fry: It's called a van, and in light of the fact that it's not a-rockin', I invite you to come a-knockin'!
Amy: Wow, neat.
Hermes: It's a triumph of free-spirited German engineering.
Amy: Hey, the speedometer only goes up to 80. This thing can't go faster than 80,000 miles an hour?
Fry: No, it can't, but it's got a driver's-side floor and an 8-track player with genuine mono sound.
Farnsworth: Where's the device that lets you speed or slow the passage of time?
Fry: Under the seat.
Leela: Why won't it start?
Fry: It just needs some gas.
Farnsworth: Wrong again, idiot. There is no gas. Petroleum reserves ran dry in 2038.
Leela: Gas was an environmental disaster, anyway. Now we use alternative fuels.
Fry: Like what?
Leela Bender, lift it up to the can opener.
Bender: Oh, no! I'm not going near it. Last time, that magnetic psycho nearly cut my head off.
Fry: Oh, right. Plus, the magnet screws up your inhibition unit and makes you sing folk songs.
Bender? Who said anything about me secretly wanting to be a folk singer? How ridiculous.
Fry: Bender, if you don't open that can right now, your fear will own you, and nothing that can opener could ever do would be worse than that.
Bender: OK, OK, I can do this. It's time to take life by the cans.
Leela: Come on!
Hermes: You can do it!
Amy: Bender!
Farnsworth: Go on, you dummy.
Bender
Jimmy cracked corn and I don't care,
Fry: Oh, no!
Bender
Cause the master's gone away.
Zoidberg: It's toe-tapping-ly tragic.
Bender: Doc, I can't move my arms and legs. What's wrong with me?
Doctor: This is the worst part of the job.
Bender: What is it, good news?
Doctor: Bender, your hydraulics are shot. You'll never move again.
Bender: You mean--
Doctor: I'm sorry, you'll have to get a new one.
Fry: Oh, no! This is terrible.
Zoidberg: Poor Bender.
Farnsworth: Well, let's drag him to the kerb.
Fry: Wait a minute, Bender is my best friend. We can't just dump him in the gutter like Grandma's ashes.
Bender: Oh, my life is over. I'll never know happiness again.
Robot: Ho, ho! Hello there!
Leela: Look, Bender! It's Patch Cord Adams. He heals with the power of laughter.
Patch Cord Adams: Come on, take it. What's the matter, can't move your arms?
Bender: Obviously not, or I'd be strangling you right now.
Patch Cord Adams Did you hear why they're using Windows 3000 as a prison guard?
Fry: No, why?
Patch Cord Adams: 'Cause it always locks up.
Bender: For the love of God, somebody kick his ass!
Patch Cord Adams Oh, well, so long anyway.
Bender: Oh, I'm doomed. Everybody leave me alone. I don't wanna be seen this way.
Fry: Aw, you look so sad. You want me to send Patch Cord Adams back in?
Bender Wow, that was great.
Beck: Hey, thanks. You a fan?
Bender Oh, my God, you're Beck! I'd get up to shake your hand and steal your wallet but my crappy body crapped out on me.
Beck: Don't take it so hard. I used to miss my body too but then I fished this mannequin out of the 92c Store dumpster.
Bender: Wow. We've sure got a lot in common, Beck. I always dreamed of being a musician-poet who transcends genres even as he re-invents them, just like you.
Beck: So do it, robot. It's easier than it looks.
Bender: Eh, thanks, but it's hopeless. I'll never be a musician now.
Beck.
Bender: What's this for?
Beck Yeah-ee! Alright, congratulations, my friend.
Bender: Why? 'Cause I can make annoying noises?
Beck: Exactly. I use those all the time in my music. Bender, I want you to become my new washboard player.
Bender Go Bender! Go Bender! Go Bender!
Bender: Well, that's my good friend, Beck. I'm off to rock a series of mid-level venues.
Hermes: Kudos, Bender. You got mangled and now you're a singer. Both our dreams came true.
Fry: Hey, I have an idea. Who wants to cram in my van and follow Bender on tour and live there, in the van?
Zoidberg: Oh, I don't know, Fry. I think I'm too poor to follow a band around in a van.
Beck: Come on, move it! We gotta get to the concert and make the audience wait for it at the start.
Zoidberg: Bad news, friends. My shell ran.
Amy: Zoidberg, you idiot, my outfit. It's, it's--
Leela: Kinda cool.
Fry: Yeah, I like it.
Amy: Me too, now that I'm used to it.
Zoidberg!
Beck
Just clap your hands.
All: Where it's at!
Bender: Got a washboard stomach and a microphone.
Beck: That was a washboard break.
Fry: Oh, yeah!
Amy One bowl of Jell-O knuckles, please.
Barman: That'll be three pick-e-tures of George Washington.
Amy: Oh, no! My beautiful money.
Leela: It got ruined in the wash.
Fry: Mine too, even my change.
Barman: Get lost, you money-less hippies!
Horrible Gelatinous Hick: You heard him, freaks. We don't like your type around here. These are the types we like.
Beck best 40-minute washboard solo I've ever heard. And the parts when I was awake blew my mind.
Bender: Whoa, check out all those broken robots. Howdy, fellas!
Robot #1: I don't believe my broken eyes! It's Bender, the washboard player! Hey, man, we caught your concert from here.
Robot #2: You rock!
Fembot: Oh, oh, Bender! Sign my chest! It's in that bin behind me.
Robot #3: Yo, brother, thanks for showing that broken robots are still useful.
Bender That is so wrong. They can't just melt down broken robots. Not right when they're kissing my ass.
Beck, I was feeling really-- What's that song about?
Bender: Hey, yeah, I could write a song! With real words, not phoney ones like "odelay".
Beck a word. Just look it up in the Becktionary.
Bender: Ooh!
Bender Becktionary.
Beck: I wish I could help raise awareness about broken robots. But what can I do? I only weigh eight pounds.
Bender: Wait a minute, you know lots of rock stars, and most of them like to look like they care about things!
Beck: We can all get together for a big benefit concert in San Francisco!
Bender: And we could call it "Bend-Aid", after me, Bender!
Beck: And you can sing that song you're writing!
Bender: And I'll let you sing backup! But remember who the star is. Me: Bender.
Bender Eck! Smells like something died in the wall!
Fry: Surprise!
Leela: Mind if we crash here tonight? The colours in the van are keeping us awake.
Bender: Alright, but hands off the minibar.
Fry: Wow, I forgot about TV. Living free on the road, you realise how much better life is without it. Well, let's see what's on.
Announcer #1: Tuesday, Golden Gate Park, the monsters of vaguely-folkish alterna-rock will strum your brains out at Bend-Aid! Featuring Beck, Wailing Fungus and special guest, Bender!
Announcer #2: A portion of the proceeds might go to help broken robots.
Fry: Yeah!
Zoidberg: Hooray, robot!
Amy: Bender, you're famous!
Bender: Yeah.
Leela: This coming-together of superstars really means a lot to you, doesn't it, Bender?
Bender That's why I'll be proud to go up on stage tomorrow and say, "Look at me, world, I am a broken robot!".
Fry: Bender, you can move! You're cured!
Bender: Oh, crap! It's a miracle!
Bender My music career is over.
Fry your music career?
Bender Wait, that's it! I'll fake it!
Amy: You'd better not do that at the concert.
Zoidberg: I can't stop. When I eat too much dirt, I get stuff in my throat.
Amy: You are so disgusting, I--
Leela: They're beautiful.
Zoidberg: Ew, you're touching them!
Amy: I've never seen pearls like this. Dr. Zoidberg, you're amazing.
Zoidberg: I am? At last! Recognition!
Emcee: Gentle hippies, put your filthy hands together for the folk stylings of Cylon and Garfunkel!
Garfunkel
(singing) Are you going to Scarborough Fair?
Cylon Parsley, sage, rosemary and thyme.
Garfunkel: Remember me to one who loves there.
Cylon She once was a true love of mine.
Leela: We're home.
Amy: Well, let's earn some bread.
Fry: Brothers and sisters, get your love beads. Can't journey to the centre of your mind without love beads!
Hippie #1: Wow, look at the colours. These'll go great with my soul.
Zoidberg: Glad you like them. I've been making fine jewellery for years, apparently.
Hippie #2: I'll take three.
Hippie #3: Give me one, man!
Hippie #4: I'll trade you a bad poem!
Emcee: And now, stand up and turn on your hidden tape recorders for ... Beck! With special guest, Bender, the broken robot.
Fry: Bender rules!
Hippie #5: Groove on, man!
Leela: Rock it, Bender!
Zoidberg: Play that thing!
Beck
Hijacking your equilibrium...
Bender: Whoa-oh, yeah!
Beck: ...Midnight hags in the mausoleum,
Beck: Thank you. That song doesn't usually last three hours, but we got into a serious thing ... and then I forgot how it ended. Anyway, one last item of business before we go.
Garfunkel: Bender, to start your foundation for broken robots, here's a big, cardboard cheque for $14,000.
Cylon: It's been an emotional day for me.
Bender: I don't know what to say.
Beck: Then maybe you should sing it. Lay it down, boys.
Bender
There's lots of things my mangled robot friend could be,
Beck: Kick it!
Bender: He could make a good...
Bender ...hat-rack
Beck: He only has to stand there,
Bender: Or a cheap...
Bender ...doorstop,
Beck: He doesn't need to move
Bender: Or a great big...
Bender ...giant Thermos,
Bender: With a twist-off top,
Beck: That would be good for soup,
Bender: He could be a storage closet...
Bender ...for outdated pants,
Beck: I like 'em tight!
Bender: My broken friend could do it all,
Bender Just give him a chance!
Bender
That I'd like to share...
Beck: For real?
Bender
Than an ass to a chair...
Beck: Hm.
Bender: ...That robot's name I never told you...
Beck: Who's that?
Bender: ...You could not foresee...
Beck: C'mon, give it up.
Bender: ...I'll say it loud and sing it proud...
Bender His name is you and me.
Bender: Don't melt me down into a crowbar,
Beck: It suffers alone,
Bender: Just 'cause I can't move my arms and legs,
Beck: Hey.
Bender: Or toss me into a trash can...
Beck: Bender, what are you doing?
Bender: ...Just 'cause I can't cook you ham and eggs...
Beck: What are you doing?
Bender: ...Don't crush me into an anchor...
Beck: Yo! What's the dealy-o?
Bender: ...Just 'cause I can't jump and dance and sing...
Beck: Hold it! What? No!
Bender: ...I'm telling you, my broken friend...
Beck: B-Bender.
Bender: ...Put your hands in the air like you just don't care!
Beck: No!
Bender: I'm telling you, my broken friend...
Beck: Cut it!
Bender: ...Can do 'most anything!
Beck: Cut it!
Bender: Yeah!
Beck: Cut it!
Bender: Curse my natural showmanship!
Robot #4: You big, fat fraud! You're not really broken!
Robot #5: But you will be in a minute! Bum-rush the stage!
Robot #6: Get him!
Hippie #6: Oh, harsh! I didn't get my beads.
Beck After him!
Bender: Well, everyone, prepare to get your guts kicked out by folk singers.
Caterpillar Alien: What is this? The Year of the Jerk?
Fry: Hurry! The Golden Gate Bridge! Put the metal to the pedal to the other metal.
Bender: Oh, no! I forgot this is a hoverbridge.
Leela: And I forgot this isn't a hovercar.
Fry: Is any of that a problem?
Zoidberg: Not if you've lived a life without regret.
Bender: I'll save me!
Leela: Quick, grab his footcups.
Bender: Hey? What? No.
Fry: Phew!
Leela: Bummer.
Bender I'm broken again. I can't move any part of me.
Beck: Good.
Bender: I'm really sorry I lied, Beck. All I ever wanted was to make music with you. I never meant to hurt anyone, or help anyone.
Beck: Bender, that's some played-out, new-jack, horse crap-- But I know you don't mean it so apology accepted.
Bender: So, I can, uh, keep the cheque?
Garfunkel: Over my dead career!
Bender: Well, it was worth a shot.
Fry: C'mon, Bender. If you're done scamming Beck, we're heading home.
Bender
Take that, you stupid corn!
Hermes: Go get it, boy!
Fry: So, Leela, how about a romantic ride in one of those swan boats? They're kinda dangerous but I finally mastered them.
Leela: Those aren't swan boats, they're swans.
Fry: Oh. That explains these boat eggs.
Farnsworth: Wha?
Tate?
Fry: What happens if we lose?
Tate: Nothing. There's nothing at stake and no threat, beyond the shame of defeat!
Farnsworth I'll take you on, you air-balling bozos.
Tate: You, old man? Sweet Clyde, laugh derisively at him.
Farnsworth: I may be an old man. In fact, I'm fairly sure I am. But I'll put you Globetrotters in your place with my team of mutant atomic supermen!
Hermes: Hooray, Professor!
Farnsworth: Behold: My mutant atomic supermen.
Leela: They're only a foot high, Professor.
Farnsworth, really. We'll need to speed up their growth with time particles called Chronitons.
Bender: Aren't those the particles that destroyed an entire civilisa--
Farnsworth: Good news, everyone! You're off to the Tempus Nebula to gather Chronitons.
Fry: Hey, Leela, look at me!
Leela: Your face can take a lot of punishment. That's good to know.
Fry: There's a lot about my face you don't know! Perhaps you and it could get better acquainted over dinner.
Leela: Alright! Cool your jets, hotshot.
Fry: C'mon, Leela, why won't you go out with me? We both know there's something there.
Leela: No, I mean cool your jets. They're melting Bender's face.
Bender: Ow! Oh, my God! Ow!
Leela: Here you go. Hot off the nebula.
Farnsworth Behold! My invincible nuclear mutants.
Amy: Hi!
Arachneon: Hello!
Albert Here's the tip-off. Globetrotter ball. Sweet Clyde Dixon to Bubblegum Tate. Drives down-court-- And Curly Joe from the rear.
Zoidberg: That one grabbed his behindus!
Leela: Sh!
Hermes: Quiet!
Tate will wipe the smiles from your faces.
Albert Yes!
Albert Yes! He's really showing us what a man with a cannon in his chest can do!
Farnsworth: No showboarding, you atomic hotdog!
Albert Bubblegum, the Trotters are down by six. Reactions?
Tate: It was always our plan to trail at the half, thus deepening Earth's eventual humiliation. Also, what game were the refs watching?
Albert ... continues to wreak havoc on--
Farnsworth Did everything just jump around, or did my brain just stroke off there for a second?
Albert: Ladies and gentlemen, something very strange has just happened in this basketball game between space clowns and atomic monsters.
Farnsworth: Time-out! Time-out!
Fry: What's happening?
Farnsworth: We seem to be lurching forward randomly in time, like a needle skipping on a record player.
Amy: What's causing it? Is it my outfit?
Farnsworth: No. It must have something to do with those time particles I used to grow the Supermen. Time and space are ripping apart at the seams.
Thorias: Oops!
Farnsworth: Oh, great! Now, on top of everything, we need a new fifth man.
Fry: Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Put me in, Professor. I wanna show Leela my skills.
Farnsworth: Hmm. Will said skills pay the bills?
Fry: Who cares? We're 35 points ahead with two minutes left. What could possibly--
Albert: Globetrotters win, 244-86. A dark day for humanity, folks. We have been beaten ... in basketball.
Curly Joe: Yeah, that's how we do it!
'Sweet' Clyde: How's that?
Tate: You are all fools of the highest calibre.
Leela the planets are gonna start cracking wise about our mamas.
Hermes: I'm just glad my fat, ugly mama isn't alive to see this day.
Farnsworth: Enough about your promiscuous mother, Hermes. We have bigger problems. This time disruption is extremely serious.
Tate: Damn right, brother man. This chronological wang-dang-doodle could destroy the very matrix of reality.
Farnsworth: Tate? What do you know about this?
Tate senior lecturer of physics at Globetrotter U. And I'd like to help you investigate.
Farnsworth Bubblegum Tate?
Tate I think we got ourselves an excess of Chronitons in the subatomic interstices.
Farnsworth: Yes, I see. Something involving that many big words could easily destabilise time itself.
Fry: Is that a problem?
Farnsworth: Indeed so. At this rate, by Tuesday it will be Thursday; by Wednesday, it will be August; and by Thursday, it will be the end of existence as we know it.
Man: I'll have to ask you to clear out now. The circus need to set up for tomorrow's big--
Linda: Time continues to skip forward randomly. Details at 11.
Linda: This is the news at 11. The mysterious and unexplained--
Linda: Turning to entertainment news, teen singer Wendy might just be the latest--
Linda: --won three Grammys last night--
Linda: --found dead in her bathtub.
Farnsworth: Interesting. It's as if we behave normally during the time skips, but then we have no memory of it.
Fry: You mean we just--
Farnsworth: My, yes. Ooh, just like that. Any luck, Bubblegum?
Tate: Not yet. Listen, I hope you don't mind if I dribble a little while I work.
Farnsworth: Not if you'll grant me the same liberty.
Bender: Ooh! Ooh! Bubblegum? My name's Bender and I'm a huge fan of your work, both on and off the court. Can I be a Globetrotter?
Tate: Shut up, turkey.
Farnsworth: Bubblegum, look at this. The background time radiation is fluctuating wildly.
Tate: Good Lord! That sucker's shaking around like some fine, imported booty.
Hermes: Say, I'm no physicist, but I think I know how to stop the skipping. We'll just--
Hermes: I don't know how this was suppose to work.
Amy: Professor, I hope you find out what's wrong before we skip right past my birth--
All: --ppy birthday, Amy.
Amy: Hooray! Look at all these presents!
Zoidberg: I hope we all have as much tomorrow at my birth--
Zoidberg: What?
Fry: Psst! Leela. I've set up a time-proof shelter in the closet. There's only room for two, and you're the one I wanna share it with.
Leela: Fry, that's so sweet. Let me see.
Leela: How exactly will this protect us from time jumps?
Fry: Because when we're together in here, baby, time will stand still.
Fry: Ow!
Zoidberg Hmm.
Leela: Dr. Zoidberg, can I talk to you about Fry?
Zoidberg: Leela, I would be honoured.
Leela: --does the worst W.C. Fields imitation I've ever seen. Zoidberg!
Zoidberg: Sorry, you must have been boring me.
Leela his childishness.
Zoidberg You were saying?
Farnsworth: Ah, there is it. The Tempus Nebula. Take a whiff through the Smellescope.
Tate: What's that funky jazz?
Farnsworth: The odour of pure time leaking. When my crew removed the Chronitons, it destabilised the nebula, causing time skips throughout the universe.
Bender: Ooh! Let Bubblegum tell it.
Tate ... they cause these dents, or "time skips".
Bender: You are so smart!
Tate: Hold up. What if we were to move this cluster of starts to these algebraic co-ordinates?
Farnsworth: Their gravity might just divert the Chronitons to the empty side of the universe.
Tate: Yeah. But is it possible? Moving stars would require one bad-ass gravity pump. And we'd need all the money on Earth to--
Tate: What the--
Farnsworth: Wha?
Nixon: Here's the funding for your gravity pump. But it damn well better work! We can't spend all of Earth's money every day. Now, how long will it take to build?
Tate: It won't be easy, Nixon. A jim-jam this complex might take months or even--
Farnsworth Powerful enough to move the stars themselves. Now to begin the arduous task of attaching it to the ship so th--
Farnsworth: Off you go, apparently.
Tate: Easy, Leela. Just finger-roll that star to the cosmic basket.
Leela: Just a few ... more ... hundred ... thousand ... miles. There!
Tate: Nothing but nebula!
Leela: We'll have to run some tests back on Earth, but I think we've stopped the time skips.
Bender: Alright!
Tate: Jamming!
Fry: Hooray for Leela!
Bender: And what better way to celebrate our success than by me showing Bubblegum the Globetrotter uniform I made myself!
Tate Hello, lawsuit!
Fry: Leela, I want you to know I think the way you moved those stars around was really wonderful. I got you something.
Leela: Moderately-priced, domestic, non-vintage champagne? How did you know?
Fry: You deserve it. I mean, nobody ever stops to tell you what a great captain you are.
Leela: Aw! That is so true and sweet.
Fry, and best of all, you'll go out with me-e?
Leela: Fry, please try to understand: You're a man, I'm a woman. We're just too different.
Bender: Hey, Leela. Bubblegum might let me organise a bake sale for the Globetrotter wives. Can you teach me to make cupcakes?
Leela: Alright, but I wanna lick the beaters.
Fry: I got her champagne, I opened it. What does a guy have to do?
Tate: 86 the chump stuff, F-man. It's time to win Leela's heart with a big-showy, three-point romantic gesture.
Fry surprise.
Leela: Fry, what are you doing?
Tate: Uh-oh. Time to boogie on down to the sauna!
Fry: Look. I've been studying how to pilot the ship. Impressed?
Leela: Yeah, actually. You're doing OK. The core reactor temperature's nominal, the blinker's off.
Fry: I learned how to work the gravity pump too. In case we need to move more stars. So, are we dating now?
Leela: Is that what this is all about? Please, just cut it out now.
Fry: Look, Leela. I know there's some perfect, amazing thing I can do to make you love me, and when I figure out what it is--
Leela--
Preacherbot: --man and wife. You may kiss the bride.
Albert: Yes!
Zoidberg: He looks radiant!
Farnsworth: Ye Gods, Bubblegum! We failed. The time skips haven't stopped at all.
Tate: Even in these formal shorts, I feel like a failure.
Leela: You tricked me into marrying you, didn't you?
Fry: Of course not.
Leela: How'd you do it? Drugs in the champagne? Hypnosis?
Fry: No! Drugs are for losers and hypnosis is for losers with big, weird eyebrows. I don't know what amazing thing I did you make you love me but, whatever it was, we're married now. We've got the rest of our lives to work--
Whitey: Divorce is final.
Fry: What?
Leela: Well, let's divide up the china. I guess I'll take the NFC helmets and you can have the AFC helmets.
Fry: Fine. Break my heart again.
Zoidberg still have Zoidberg.
Fry: How did I do it? How did I get Leela to love me? I've got to figure it out.
Hermes: Maybe you're just a fantastic lover, Fry.
Amy: Um, no.
Fry: I don't know what I'm doing.
Bender: Maybe she'd come back to you if your best friend Bender were a Globetrotter. What do you say, Bubblegum?
Tate: Hell, no.
Fry: Oh, it's hopeless. I did something so great that it won Leela's heart and I'll never, ever know what it was. My life is empty.
Zoidberg: Zoidberg!
Farnsworth: No wonder we failed to stop the time skips. Diverting Chronitons is mathematically impossible. I knew I should have checked your show-boating Globetrotter algebra.
Tate: Man, I thought you knew that algebra was all razz-ma-tazz. A Globetrotter always saves the good algebra for the final minutes.
Bender: Vintage Bubblegum!
Farnsworth: The time skips are worse than ever now. Isolated spots are jumping by years at a time. Look.
Boy: Stupid senior citizens. Why should we have to pay for their social security benefits?
Old Man: I deserve free money!
Farnsworth: Well, I'm stumped. We'll have to call in the finest scientific minds in the univ--
Farnsworth: Perhaps we could explode the whole damned nebula. What do you think, Curly Joe?
Curly Joe: No, man. An explosion big enough to destroy that mama would take out half the universe.
Sweet Clydeplosion.
Farnsworth: By God, Sweet Clyde is right. An implosion might just form a black hole that would stop more Chronitons from escaping.
Tate: Whoa. Slow that brain train down, Prof. We'd need some kind of doomsday device to initiate an implosion like that.
Farnsworth I suppose I could part with one and still be feared.
Tate: Give me some skin, Prof. I'm making you an honorary Globetrotter. In fact, everybody in this room's an honorary Globetrotter.
Amy: Hooray!
Hermes: Yes!
Zoidberg: I'm a Globetrotter!
Bender: Did you just say--
Tate: Too late, hot plate.
Bender: Oh, crap.
Tate: We must leave now, for we are needed elsewhere. But we wish you Godspeed.
Bender: Please, please let me come with you. I can make myself taller.
Tate: Bender, you can talk trash, you can handle the ball. But look in your heart and ask yourself: Are you funky enough to be a Globetrotter? Are you?
Bender: Yes.
Tate: Are you?
Bender: I mean, with time, my funk level could--
Tate: Are you?
Bender: No.
Tate: Deal with it.
Bender: Oh! No!
Leela: Careful with that doomsday device, Bender.
Bender: What does it matter? I'll never be a Globetrotter. My life, and, by extension, everyone else's, is meaningless.
Leela: Roger.
Fry: Leela, about the wedding. I don't know what I did to make you love me, and I don't think I tricked you into it, but maybe I did. And if I did, I'm sorry.
Leela: It's OK, Fry. You know we'll always be friends, right?
Fry: Yeah. But I don't guess anything I could do will ever make you feel the same way about me that I do about you.
Leela: I guess not.
Bender: Well, the doomsday device is ready. Maybe blasting this quadrant of space into a hell storm of flaming nothingness will cheer me up a little.
Leela Actually, I think I'll go down and prep the detonator. Fry, why don't you take the helm?
Fry: She's so great. I feel like I can almost remember the magical thing I did to make her love me. But I guess I never will.
Bender: Sorry, buddy. I too know what it's like to have a dream I'll never achieve.
Fry That's how I must have done it! I moved the stars themselves to write her a love note in the sky.
Leela: Detonation in three, two, one.
Fry Did you see it? Did you see it?
Bender: The explosion?
Fry: No, not the explosion!
Leela: Then what?
Fry: Nothing.
Narrator Please send a man round back and pick up Clyde Smith, a professional gambler who's about to have an unfortunate accident.
Smith A casino where I always win? That's boring. I must really be ... in hell!
Sebastian Cabot hell. You're on an aeroplane.
Smith: There's a gremlin destroying the plane! You've gotta believe me!
Sebastian Cabot: Why should I believe you? You're Hitler!
Smith Eva Braun! Help me!
Bender: Saw it comin'!
Fry beautiful I fell to my knees and cried.
Amy: Was it out in front of Discount Shoe Outlet?
Fry: Yeah.
Amy: They have a college kid wear that to attract customers.
Fry: Well I don't care if it was some dork in a costume. For one brief moment I felt the heartbeat of creation, and it was one with my own.
Amy: Big deal!
Bender the time. You don't hear us gassin' on about it.
Fry: How can you people be so blasé? Here you are in the year 3000 or so, yet you just sit around like it's the boring time I came from.
Farnsworth: Boring? Wasn't that the period when they cracked the human genome and boy bands roamed the Earth?
Fry: Yeah. But now it's the distant future. Why aren't we out doing everything I ever dreamed of?
Leela: Hey, you know what might be a hoot?
Farnsworth: No. Why would I know that?
Leela: Let's take the rest of the morning off and take Fry to do everything he ever wanted to do.
Fry: Everything?
Leela: Except that.
Sal: Sos your fantasies has always been to destroys a planet, huh?
Fry: Yeah, what did they ever do for me?
Leela through your eyes. What should we do next?
Fry: I wanna see the edge of the universe!
Amy: Ooh! That sounds cool.
Zoidberg: It's funny. You live in the universe, but you never do these things till someone comes to visit.
Farnsworth: There it is! The edge of the universe!
Fry: Far out! So there's an infinite number of parallel universes?
Farnsworth: No, just the two.
Fry: Oh, well, I'm sure that's enough.
Bender: I'm sick of parallel Bender lording his cowboy hat over me! Let's move on to Fry's next fantasy.
Fry Giddy-up!
Girl: Mommy, why is that man like that?
Mother: Don't look at him!
Fry: That was fun. Let's give him a treat!
Leela: Keep your palms flat.
Fry: The tongue tickles.
Fry: These new hands are great. I'm gonna break 'em in tonight.
Farnsworth: Yes, it's been quite an hour and a half.
Fry: I've only got two fantasies left: Be invisible in a chocolate factory and be romantically linked with a celebrity.
Bender: I could pound your head till you think that's what happened.
Fry: OK.
Leela: Wait, hold on. It is actually possible to meet any celebrity you want.
Fry: It is?
Leela: Of course! You should read a blimp sometime.
Fry: Download a celebrity from the Internet? What part of that do I understand?
Leela: It's simple. You can download a celebrity's personality and appearance into a blank robot.
Fry: Hey, I have an idea. Let's do that!
Farnsworth: Onto the Internet you go!
Bender: Oh, and while you're there, pick me up a few credit card numbers.
Trekkie #1: No way! Kirk could kick Picard's ass!
Trekkie #2: Yeah? At least Picard had the guts to admit he was bald!
Trekkie #1: What? You take that back!
Fry: Ooh! eBay!
Auctioneer Sold to The Being of Inconceivable Horror.
The Being of Inconceivable Horror: Will a money order be OK?
Auctioneer: Yes.
Fry: So where's the celebrity dating place?
Leela Over there.
Salesman Can I interest you in Gwyneth Paltrow?
Fry that she drinks human blood.
Salesman: Then, uh, how about Cleopatra, whose beauty destroyed mighty empires.
Fry: I'd prefer someone from the era of shaved underarms. Do you have anything with more of a Lucy-Liu-feel to it?
Salesman magazine's sexiest woman of the year twice. In 2003, and then again in 2063.
Fry: I'd like the 2003 model.
Fry: I've found her! What do I do now?
Farnsworth: Download her. Let's just put a blank robot in the drive.
Fry: It worked!
Liubot Philip J. Fry.
Fry: It worked perfectly!
Leela: Well, you downloaded Lucy Liu. Are you just going to stare vacantly at her and not say anything?
Liubot Philip J. Fry.
Fry: Did you hear that? She likes me!
Farnsworth: Well, duh! She's programmed to like you!
Fry! Perhaps the only good actress of the 21st century! She's more than just a piece of software.
Liubot: Would you like to take a moment to register me?
Fry: Uh, not right now.
Liubot: I'll remind you later, you hot stud, you!
Fry: So, uh, what do you feel like doing?
Liubot: Would you like to take a moment to register me?
Fry: I said later!
Fry eat more.
Liubot can eat more.
Fry: Oh, Lucy! You're just like I always thought you'd be from your movies.
Liubot: My personality is mathematically derived from my movies, proportionally weighted by box office receipts.
Fry: You're cute!
Liubot: You're cute!
Fry: You!
Liubot: You!
Fry: You!
Liubot: You!
Fry: You!
Farnsworth an idiot. Well, that's love for you.
Bender: Humans dating robots is sick. You people wonder why I'm still single? It's 'cause all the fine robot sisters are dating humans!
Leela: Bender, this is Fry's decision ... and he made it wrong. So it's time for us to interfere in his life.
Leela: She doesn't really love you. She can't. She's just a machine that--
Bender: Stay away from our women! You got metal fever, boy! Metal fever!
Fry: Well, so what if I love a robot? It's not hurting anybody.
Hermes: My God! He never took middle school hygiene. He never saw the propaganda film.
Farnsworth: It's just lucky I keep a copy in the VCR at all times.
Narrator But when a human dates an artificial mate, there is no purpose. Only enjoyment. And that leads to ... tragedy.
Billy: Neat-o! A Marilyn Monroe-bot!
Monroe-bot Billy Everyteen.
Narrator: Harmless fun? Let's see what happens next.
Billy's Mom: Billy, do you want to walk your dog?
Billy: No thanks, Mom. I'd rather make out with my Monroe-bot.
Billy's Dad: Billy, do want to get a paper route and earn some extra cash?
Billy: No thanks, Dad. I'd rather make out with my Monroe-bot.
Mavis: Billy, do you want to come over tonight? We can make out together.
Billy: Gee, Mavis, your house is across the street. That's an awfully long way to go for making out.
Narrator They're trapped! Trapped in a soft, vice-like grip of robot lips. All civilisation was just an effort to impress the opposite sex ... and sometimes the same sex. Now, let's skip forward 80 years into the future. Where is Billy?
Billy: Farewell!
Narrator Have you guessed the name of Billy's planet? It was Earth. Don't date robots!
Announcer: Brought to you by the Space Pope.
Leela: Did that make any impression on you, Fry? Fry?
Liubot: Ooh!
Farnsworth.
Bender: What is the world coming to? That Fry's a sicko poivert, I tell you. Dating a robot! It's an atrosmacy!
Leela: But Fry's our friend, Bender.
Bender: Aw, jeez, would you stifle there, meatbag?
Leela: You stifle, Bender.
Zoidberg: Hooray! Finally you're standing up to him.
Leela completely right.
Bender: We've got to stem this tidal wave of moral decay. It's time to shut down nappster.com!
Bender: Who's in charge of this dump?
Jeff Jervis: That'd be me. If you're an investor you can dump your money in the hole there.
Bender: Listen, you fat Internet nerd.
Jeff Jervis: Listening.
Bender love! If you don't shut down right now the only thing wired about you will be your jaw!
Jeff Jervis: Y-You can't shut us down. The Internet is about the free exchange and sale of other people's ideas. We've done nothing wrong.
Liu: Help! I'm being held prisoner!
Zoidberg: Someone in trouble is!
Jeff Jervis: No, stay out! There's a ... guy going for the Tetris world record in there!
Kidman: Who are you?
Cheech: Don't hurt us!
Liu: Help me! They've been holding me prisoner for 800 years.
Zoidberg: The real Lucy Liu! The one you can see a movie of in the popcorn stadium.
Bender: So what's your problem?
Liu It hurts!
Jeff Jervis: Open this door! Don't make me call the maintenance guy.
Bender: It's a bluff!
Leela: We can't take that chance. Move, people, move!
Michael: Please pick me up before you go-go.
Leela: She asked first.
Nerd: Um, are you Lucy Liu?
Albright-bot: Sure!
Jeff Jervis: Oh, we're doomed. They got the head, they uncovered the sign! Soon the whole world will learn we're cyber-criminals. And we would have gotten away with it if it weren't for those meddling adults.
Man: We'll stop them. They like Lucy Liu, we'll give them all the Lucy Liu they can handle! Hand me that back-up disk.
Zoidberg: Did you see me escaping? I was all like--
Liu Mmm. Quite a masculine piece of metal, aren't you?
Bender: Hey! Don't look at me like that. If you're thinking of crossing the line with Bender, you can forget it. Bender don't bend that way.
Leela: Hey, look. It's another Lucy Liubot.
Liubot #2: I am Lucy Liu. Give me your spines.
Zoidberg: Hey, what the--
Liubot #2: Take this and that and one of these.
Liu: Hey! Cut it out! I don't need this kind of publicity!
Leela: Alright, Liu. Time to kick your frosty, well-toned ass! Yah!
Bender: Then along came Bender.
Zoidberg: Looks like you're retaining water.
Liu: That was incredible, Bender. You're like Jackie Chan before he got all doughy.
Bender It's an army of Lucy Lius!
Liu: They're horrible!
Liubots: Take this and that and one of these.
Liubot #3: Robot crouching tiger.
Liubot #4: Robot crane style!
Zapp: Now that's a wave of destruction that's easy on the eyes!
Liubot #5: Hi-yah.
Fry an explosion!
Liubot notice two things.
Alex: No, don't open that coffin! It's ticking!
Natalie: I have to, Alex. That coffin's not going to open itself.
Vampire: Bleurh!
Liu: Let's hide in here. It'll add to my box office gross.
Leela: Fry?
Fry Wait a minute! Is that the head of who I think it's of?
Liu: Read the jar, Evelyn Wood! Dr. Z?
Leela: Fry, a herd of Lucy Liu are destroying the city. Is yours acting normally?
Fry Yep. Why do you ask?
Alex: Mr. Mayor, if you want to see a real vampire, look in the mirror!
Mayor: I can't! I'm a vampire!
Zoidberg: Why?
Leela: And Nappster says illegal copies never hurt anybody.
Fry: Quick! This way!
Fry: Sorry, ladies. Employees only.
Leela: Oh, no. They're forming a human pyramid ... of robots.
Bender: Damnit! We weren't counting on them being as smart as they are sexy!
Liu mistake to make.
Zoidberg: At least we've got food.
Leela: Dr. Zoidberg, cut open that bag!
Zoidberg: Hooray!
Leela: And don't eat it.
Liubot #2: Ow!
Liubot #3: System overload!
Liubot #4: Error!
Liubot #5: Does not compute.
Zoidberg: Life was bad but now it's good forever!
Bender Get lost, Pavarotti!
Fry: Lucy Liubot, if I don't survive the corn, I want you to know that I love you as much as a man can love a computerised image of gorgeous celebrity. Which it turns out is a lot.
Liubot poetic image number 37 not found.
Fry: What are you doing, darling? Get down!
Liubot #3: Light hot. Oil temperature rising.
Liubot #4: Oh, no.
Liubot #5: Malfunction.
Liubot #6: This ain't good.
Liubot #7: System error.
Fry: You saved us. Are you alright?
Liubot massive corn clog in port seven.
Liu: Are you the last copy of me?
Liubot: Yes.
Liu: Erase her, Fry.
Fry? No!
Liu: Fry, when you downloaded her without my permission, you stole my image, and in the end that's all I really have. That and the largest gold nugget in the world, one mile in diameter.
Fry: But I just downloaded her because I love you.
Liu magazine, you'll blank out that robot.
Fry: I'm sorry. Hug me, Liubot.
Liubot Memory deleted.
Bender: I know it hurts, buddy. But at least you're not in a sick relationship with a robot anymore.
Fry: Uh-huh. And I guess now maybe I can get to know the real Lucy Liu.
Bender: Pft! Yeah, at our wedding!
Liu: It's true. Bender and I are in love.
Fry: But, but--
Bender: Don't be a prude, Fry!
Leela: Oh, put down the binoculars, Fry. The wall of that strip club isn't going to collapse twice in one day.
Fry: I know, and I've grown to accept that. Now I'm more interested in that new pizza parlour across the street. Kinda makes me pine for my days as a pizza delivery boy. "Here's you pizza," I'd say. "I didn't order any," they'd say. And then I'd be off to my next adventure.
Leela I think the owner is from Cygnus 5.
Farnsworth: Cygnoids? On our block? Flying foo! They should go back where they came from.
Leela: Professor, please! Society's never gonna make any progress until we all learn to pretend to like each other. Now let's go over there and make these hideous strangers feel welcome.
Farnsworth: No!
Blek at knee.
Blek Welcome to Earth pizza store. Here, sit. I bend knees for you.
Bender: Ooh! That's a-comfy!
Blek Silt? Asbestos? We got guano -- very fresh!
Fry?
Blek Contains four kind of things.
Leela: I don't mean to offend, but this tastes like vomit.
Cygnoid Woman: Thank you.
Leela: No, actually, I did mean to offend a little. This is awful.
Fry: Hey, hey. What's wrong? Was it something Leela said?
Cygnoid Woman: We come to Earth to start new life. Raise fat spoiled Earth kids, hang many underwear from Earth clothesline, live Earthican dream.
Fry: Aw. Don't cry, foreign people. I used to work in a pizzeria and as soon as I stop hallucinating and blasting puke, I'm gonna teach you to sell pizza, Earth style!
Cygnoid Woman: Oh, thank you, magic biped!
Blek: You save us, a-sir. If we cannot make Earth pizza our dream will die. Just like rats we crushed to make the wine.
Fry Oregano works equally well. And when you put pizzas in the oven, don't get in with them.
Cygnoid #2!
Fry Ah, the Earthican pastime: Blernsball!
Uecker: Mulligan drives the ball. It's going, going and caught by the shortstop. Mets lose again. Man, I haven't seen play this bad since the days of Bob Uecker! This is Bob Uecker saying thanks for watching!
Blek: Mets? Shortstop? Pinching the hitter? I don't understand this "blernsball".
Fry: Well, if you're going to be Earthicans, we'll have to teach you. How about your pizzeria plays a game against Planet Express? Oh, but you'll need nine players.
Cygnoid Woman: No problem!
Cygnoid #2: Play the ball!
Farnsworth: Go, team! Beat those no good Cygnoids! Show them they stink at a game they've never played before!
Blek: Ah, this is why I love Earth! Beautiful star-brightened day, friendly blernsball game with chum pals! So pleasant for everybody.
Scruffy: Hit by a pitch. Take your base.
Leela: Sorry about that. I guess I needed a few more warm-up pitches.
Bender No batter anymore.
Scruffy: Take your base.
Leela: I didn't mean to hit you. I have some trouble with depth perception.
Cygnoid #2: Yeah, me too now.
Bender Duck!
Scruffy: Take your base.
Cygnoid #3: Please, lady, I want to live. Can I use bat to protect head?
Bender: Apparently not.
Man: Check out the one-eyed bean machine!
Blek: Hooray! I make a score point!
Fry: Leela, you beaned a run-in. You'd better let me pitch.
Leela You're right. Here.
Randy: Don't take her out, she's a firecracker!
Doubledeal: Excuse me, I'd like to talk to you.
Leela: Am I under arrest?
Bender: Wait! I know you. You're the sleazebag who owns the Ultimate Robot Fighting League.
Doubledeal: Not anymore. Now I'm the sleazebag who owns the New New York Mets.
Leela: The Mets? Those bums are worse than me.
Doubledeal don't draw a crowd like you. Which is why I wanna sign you to the team.
Leela: You mean I'd be the first woman ever to play Major League Blernsball?
Commissioner: Well, yeah, but basically you'd just be a publicity stunt. I figure a one-eyed lady skull-buster might bring out the freakshow crowd.
Leela to play Major League Blernsball.
Commissioner: Again, yeah, but basically you'd just be--
Leela: Ta-da! The first woman ever to play Major League Blernsball. How do I look?
Hermes: Like a sexy Yogi Berra!
Farnsworth: Why is your number seven-eighth's?
Leela: All the whole numbers have been retired.
Fry: Wow! I must say, I'm impressed. You look just like a ball player. Can I pat you on the butt?
Leela: Fry, I'm a professional athlete! So go ahead.
Fry: Oh! Now I'm too nervous.
Uecker: Well, folks, it's only the fifth inning but the Swedes have already turned this one into a "laffer". And that's with two F's. The crowd is pouring out of the stadium L.A.-style.
Doubledeal: Skipper, we're losing the crowd. Put it our new novelty act: Leela.
Skipper: Darn it! I already put in the circus clown.
Doubledeal: Yeah, but he bunted. Clowns are only funny when they swing away.
Announcer A one-eyed woman.
Woman: Come on! Throw like a girl!
Fry: Go, Leela!
Bender: Come on, girl!
Amy: Too much eyeliner!
Uecker: This is history in the making, folks. Bjornson steps up to the plate and Leela delivers.
Bender: Bullseye!
Uecker An inauspicious continuation for the career of the first woman blernsballer.
Crowd: Bean! Bean! Bean! Bean! Bean! Bean! Bean! Bean! Bean! Bean!
Uecker: Ouch! It's a three-bean-ball salad. The Mets fans love it though, and who can blame them? They haven't had much to cheer about this year--
Doubledeal: Kid, that was great! You got us more publicity than a cowboy in a shark tank. Poor Tex, he was quite a shark.
Man #1: Hey!
Man #2: Hey!
Man #3: Come on!
Man #4: I win!
Bender: Oop! Sorry.
Leela: Bender, how did you get in here?
Bender: As your agent, I have access to you at all times.
Leela my agent?
Bender? A big endorsement deal for Leela? How much? Hey! You put a one and two zeroes in front of that or we pass! Deal!
Leela: Bender, that's great! How much did you get me?
Bender: One hundred dollars.
Leela: As a pitcher, I serve up plenty of bean balls. So I know good beans when I see them. Bean-Bay Beans: They're the beaniest!
Director #1: Cut!
Uecker: In very short order, Leela has become a fan favourite.
Bender What's that? Hey! You put a one and two zeroes in front of that or we pass! Deal!
Leela: So what did you get me?
Bender: A thousand and one pesos!
Leela
Director #2: Cut! OK, now do one with bean suit on!
Blek: Leela really bringing in the customers.
Cygnoid Woman: This keep up, we need to buy second sauce toilet.
Girl: When I grow up I want to injure men by throwing stuff at them just like you, Leela. Will you sign my magazine?
Leela: Aw! Sure thing, sweetie. Who should I make it out to?
Girl: Well, uh ... to eBay?
Leela: That's a popular name today. Little "e" big "B"?
Bender: Five bucks an autograph, 200 fans. Add a one and two zeros in front of that and we got ourselves a wad!
Leela: I'm not doing this for the wad. I'm doing it for all the struggling female athletes who need a role model.
Woman: Yeah! A role model for how to stink!
Leela: What? Who are you?
Woman: Jackie Anderson. I'm on the blernsball team at NNYU and I was hoping to get to play in the majors soon.
Leela: Oh, following in my footsteps?
Jackie female ball players to be taken seriously. I hope you're proud of yourself.
Bender: Alright, show's over. No refunds. You heard the robot. Get out!
Leela me.
Amy: Don't be upset, Leela. You, um ... you look really cute in your uniform.
Leela I was doing something heroic.
Bender: You are. What about that little girl you visited in the hospital? You know the one I mean? The one who died?
Leela become the best blernsball player of all time.
Hermes blernsball player of all time.
Leela: Oh. Then I have a new vow. I solemnly swear that I will become not the worst blernsball player of all time.
Fry: Hey, look! The players who broke the various colour barriers.
Bender: When will Man learn that all races are equally inferior to robots?
Leela: Ah, here we are. The worst player in history. If I can be just a little better than him I can slink away with my head held high.
Bender: It says he once struck out when his tongue got stuck to an unusually cold bat.
Fry: And here he is trying to make a catch with an oven mitt.
Leela: It's even a crummy hologram.
Aaron Jr. Hank Aaron XXIV.
Fry: Hank Aaron XXIV? How could you play so blowfully? The original Hank Aaron was great!
Aaron Sr.!
Bender: Neat!
Leela: So, Hank-- The bad Hank. Just how blowful were you?
Aaron Jr.: Well, I had a low batting average.
Aaron Sr.: Low? It was zero, you fungo! You went your whole career without getting a hit.
Fry: Leela could beat that. She's pitched her whole career without getting an out.
Aaron Sr.: You stink, lady! Hey, Junior, she belongs in the exhibit instead of you.
Aaron Jr. Ah, Wade Boggs! Goes down smooth!
Leela: Look, I don't wanna be in this exhibit. That's why I need your help. So I can be one tiny iota less pathetic than you.
Aaron Jr.: Oh, I can't help you play better than Tiny Iota. That guy was great. But I'll teach you everything I know.
Aaron Jr.: OK, let's see what you can do.
Bender: One thing she can do is lodge a ball in the depth centre of your brain. You better get a batting helmet.
Leela: Alright. Low and away.
Aaron Jr. the ball.
Leela the ball"?
Aaron Jr.: Hey, lady, which one of us is in the hall of fame?
Fry: Pst. You're holding the bat upside down.
Aaron Jr.: Just pitch the ball.
Leela: OK. Eye off the ball.
Bender: Strike!
Fry: Hooray!
Aaron Jr.: You did it, Leela!
Leela: I didn't hit the batter! For once I was pitching and not just belly-itching!
Aaron Jr.: Oh, you got that too? I think there's a rash goin' around.
Uecker: Welcome to Fenway Park, home of the Boston Poindexters, where the Mets close out a season that'll rank among Mankind's most awful crimes.
Fry: Hey! You opened a franchise!
Cygnoid Woman: Yes. Our biggest seller is Leela's Bean Pizza. Six kinds of beans, plus several things that look like beans.
Gilman: Beans, huh? Mmm. This is great! How to you make the crust so fizzy?
Blek: Ah-ah-ah! Ancient Cygnoid secret!
Cygnoid Woman Live hornets! We smush them right into dough!
Gilman: I don't care if there's horse manure in it!
Blek: That's a-good!
Gilman: I wanna buy this franchise. How does $100,000 sound?
Blek: Forget it! We come to Earth to make pizza, not money.
Cygnoid Woman: No, Blek! Other way around!
Blek: Oh, right. Offer accepted!
Uecker: Well, fans, Boston's turning the last game into a real "squeeeker"! And that's with three "e's"! Two men on and they're down to their last out.
Leela put me in.
Skipper Aw, darn, darn darn! Now the bases are loaded! Isn't there a man on this team who can get one more out?
Leela: I can.
Skipper on this team on this--
Leela: I've been training with Hank Aaron.
Skipper Hank Aaron?
Leela Hank Aaron.
Skipper: Alright then. Get in there and pitch like you've never pitched like you before!
Announcer: Now pitching for the Mets: Turanga Leela.
Crowd Go, Leela!
Farnsworth: Go, Leela!
Amy: Come on, Leela!
Bender: Put it right down the pike!
Fry: Strike him out, Leela! Do it for the hundreds of women everywhere!
Announcer: Your attention: Now pinch-hitting for the Poindexters: Jackie Anderson.
Uecker: Would you look at that! College blernsball's finest female hitter making her big league debut against pro-ball's worst female anything. I've never seen anything this bizarre, and I've seen Mr. Belvedere naked! Woo!
Leela: Keep cool. She's just like any other player. She puts on her sports bra one arm at a time.
Umpire: Strike one!
Leela: Strike one, a personal best!
Umpire: Strike two!
Uecker And yet tonight we have witnessed the beginning of a great career for the first woman to play the sport well -- Jackie Anderson!
Jackie: Leela?
Leela: Jackie. I guess you were right. I'm a lousy role model. I'm sorry.
Jackie: No, don't be. It turns out you were an inspiration after all.
Leela: I was?
Jackie: Uh-huh. You were so awful that women everywhere set out to prove they don't stink as bad as you. You know, like a pig or something.
Leela: Oh, that's so kind of you. I guess I made a difference after all.
Jackie: You absolutely did, Leela. Now please, please retire. Immediately.
Leela: Hey, kid. Catch!
Aaron Sr.: Well, at least you're still the worst football player of all time.
Aaron Jr.: Yeah. Yeah.
Linda: Up next, daring daylight robbery at a municipal swimming pool.
Bender: Ooh! This is it! Turn me up!
Linda: Earlier today, a foul-mouthed bandit robbed the municipal pool, making off with the contents of over three lockers.
Bender: More like three lockers and a sink!
Leela: Bender? Did you have something to do with this?
Bender: Of course not.
Hermes: Holy spitz! He's sportin' skintight Speedos!
Amy: They don't leave much to the imagination.
Hermes: Actually, on a robot, they sorta do.
Morbo: One puny human got a look at the robber...
Bender: Here we go. Here we go!
Morbo: Describing him as a short, nasty, muscular...
Bender: Yeah, make me famous, big head!
Morbo: Caucasian human male.
Bender: What?
Fry: Hey! Now what am I supposed to watch and drink all day?
Bender: This is an outrage. What's the point of pulling the biggest pool caper ever if nobody knows you did it?
Fry: Well, there's the material rewards.
Bender
Boy: Whee!
Bender It's Bender.
Farnsworth: Oh, fuff! Why bother remembering anything? You're just going to forget it five seconds later.
Bender: It's so unfair. A debonair robot with a zesty in-your-face outlook doomed to obscurity like the rest of you, especially Leela. If I died tomorrow, no one would even notice.
Scruffy: Boy, I've never seen him so down, or ever before.
Bender Hey, look! I'm stuck! But I haven't given up hope! Call a soft-news journalist!
Woman: You're not stuck.
Bender: Shut up.
Bender: Hey, everyone do The Bender! This move's called The Bender!
Roller-Skater: Yo, hotwheels. This circle's about free expression, not fascist moves!
Bender: A blank wall! Fame is mine!
Bender: There. Now no one will forget how I lived or my attitude regarding butt.
Sal: Alrights, ladies, let's flush these artists lofts straights to hell!
Bender: No!
Bender: I'm the first one to work. A new low.
All: Surprise!
Fry: Happy funeral, Bender!
Bender: A surprise funeral? For me?
Fry: We just wanted to show you that you really will be remembered.
Zoidberg: Now if the deceased would kindly take his place of honour.
Bender: Ooh! Cushion-y! And a minibar!
Fry: Dearly beloved, we are here today to remember Bender, taken from us in the prime of life when he was crushed by a runaway semi driven by the Incredible Hulk.
Bender: Aw! You knew my favourite cause of death.
Fry: Now let us each remember the best things about Bender in our own way. Professor?
Farnsworth: Your standard bending unit is made of an iron-osmium alloy. But Bender was different. Bender had a point-04% nickel impurity.
Bender: It's what made me me.
Hermes: If you ever needed a small package brought into the country without a lot of X-raying and such, Bender always had a free body cavity.
Bender: Eh, the Professor's was better.
Leela: Bender, shush. You're supposed to be dead.
Bender: Say more about how great I am. And where's the crying? You people look like you're waiting for the bus.
Zoidberg
The pipes, the pipes are calling--
Bender: Who-y-boy?
Zoidberg: From glen to glen and down--
Bender funeral, singing about some dead stiff named Danny-boy? You really are a massive bonehead.
Zoidberg: I'm expressing my sorrow.
Bender: Get lost! I'd say "Don't quit your day job" but you're awful at that too.
Leela: We're trying our best.
Bender: Your best is an idiot. Let's pick it up, people. So far it's been crap after crap! I croaked, now show me some love!
Amy: Bender was a truly special--
Bender: Louder and sadder.
Amy: Bender was a truly special--
Bender: Next!
Preacherbot: Dear Lord--
Bender: Oh, next!
Zoidberg: Oh, Danny-boy--
Bender: Come on! Surely there must be someone here who knows how great I was.
Fry: Yes there is, Bender. Bender was a lot of things to a lot of people. But, looking back, the number one thing I can say about him is this, and simply this: Bender was my friend.
Bender I hope you're all happy. You've succeeded in convincing me life is worth living, by showing how bad my funeral will suck.
Amy: I know whose funeral we'll be attending next!
Farnsworth: Oh, stop!
Farnsworth: News, everyone! Today you're going to Osiris 4 to deliver this enormous sandstone block.
Fry: I thought something looked different in here.
Fry: Hi. We have a giant stone to deliver. Sign here.
Osiran: Ah, very nice. Much like the 10 million identical stones used in the future tomb of our great Pharaoh Hermenthotip.
Leela: Impressive. Who's building it?
Osiran: You.
Leela: Say again?
Osiran: You are now slaves of the great Pharaoh Hermenthotip. Guards.
Fry: Call it a hunch but I've got a bad feeling about this.
Fry: You know the worst thing about being a slave? They make you work but they don't pay you or let you go.
Leela thing about being a slave!
Osiran: Attention. You are now possessions of the great Pharaoh Hermenthotip, heir to the Tenth Dynasty, bringer of the good aspects of the annual floods.
Fry: Incredible. This place is just like the Ancient Egypt of my day.
Osiran: That is no coincidence. For our people visited your Egypt thousands of years ago.
Fry: I knew it! Insane theories, one; regular theories, a billion.
Osiran: We learned many things from the mighty Egyptians, such as pyramid-building, space travel and how to prepare our dead so as to scare Abbott and Costello.
Fry: Also Wolfman!
Bender: Look at these swanky tombs! These people really know how to die.
Leela: Are you crazy? They worked thousands of people to death to make these stupid monuments.
Bender I think I'm gonna like it here!
Man #1: Yeah, I, uh, noticed your sign and I thought I'd come over here and look into getting involved in your program.
Man #2: What we do is make you starve to death.
Osiran One, two, three, pull!
Australian Man: Oh! Bloody chunder!
Bender: Pick it up, people. We're enslaved here to do a job. Master? Do we have to count to three every time? Couldn't we just count to one. Or better yet one-half?
Osiran One-half, pull!
Bender: Now we're slavin'!
Bender You call that motivating me? Don't just whip with your arms. The power comes from your hips. Like this.
Leela: Bender, quit giving the slave drivers pointers!
Fry: Yeah. Remember who your real friends are.
Bender Anopsis ... Pleotut ... Whatshisname. He was the greatest of all.
Osiran: Pharaoh Hermenthotip approaches.
Bender: Hurry! Hurry! Pharaoh's coming! Get that nose in place. Come on!
Hermenthotip: Excellent work! I am very proud of all you slaves.
Bender Hermenthotip!
Hermenthotip: And now, I have a grand announcement. In honour of your achievement, you're all hereby--
Bender: No!
Hermenthotip: Tell the slaves they can all go--
Bender: Go faster? I told them but they're so damn lazy.
Hermenthotip: No. I mean they are all free--
Bender: Free-loading off you? I agree.
Hermenthotip: No, I--
Osiran: Pharaoh Hermenthotip is dead.
Bender: He's whippin' angels now.
High Priest Pharaoh commanded me to tell that joke at his funeral.
Bender: I'll always remember you, Hermenthotip!
High Priest Also, this bag of cats our culture considers holy.
Singer
I used to have him sing...
Singer: P-P-P-Pharaoh and his pets...
Singer
Suzie will have joined him in the afterlife--
Osiran: Hermenthotip is gone. The time to designate a new Pharaoh is at hand.
Bender: Wow!
Osiran That concludes the funeral. You don't have to go home but you can't stay here.
Fry: Can you believe it? Pharaoh's dead!
Slave #1: Yes! Tonight we are slaves to no one, except the rhythm!
Leela: Yeah! Play those bongos!
Fry: I'm gonna spin till I fall down!
Bender: We interrupt this ancient prophecy to bring you late-breaking bulletin. He hammers the back of his head and creates and imprint of himself on the wall.
High Priest: Great Wall of Prophecy, reveal to us God's will that we may blindly obey.
Priests: Free us from thought and responsibility.
High Priest: We shall read things off you.
Priests: Then do them.
High Priest: Your words guide us.
Priests: We're dumb.
Fry: You know what else stinks about being a slave? The hours.
High Priest: The prophecy is strange and crudely drawn at best. It indicates that, we are "here" and our next Pharaoh is over there, near some ... tents.
Bender: Those are waves, jackass. It's supposed to be a river!
Fry: Hey. I think I know who the next Pharaoh is!
Leela: Oh, Lord!
High Priest: We hear your voice, oh, great Pharaoh. Reveal yourself to us.
Bender: Behold! I have emerged from the place of spells and fairies!
High Priest Long live Pharaoh Bender!
Slaves: Long live Pharaoh Bender!
Leela: This society is a bunch of idiots.
High Priest: People of Osiris 4, please welcome a man who started as a slave but worked his way up to Lord of All Creation! Our new Pharaoh, Bender!
Bender wave of cruelty wash over this lazy land.
Leela: What did he say?
Bender ... that I might be remember-ed for all eternity. And be quick about it!
Bender: Lowly slave, why are you not working?
Slave #2: I am.
Bender: I meant yourself to death.
Slave #3: Mighty Pharaoh, it hurts when I breathe.
Bender Crawl, pigs!
Leela: Ow!
Bender: The Pharaoh has spoken.
Bender: Your task is nearly completed. Don't let down Pharaoh now.
Osiran: The great monument is finished, oh Pharaoh. And now, the unveiling.
Statue Remember me.
Osiran: Does it please you, my lord?
Bender big, y'know? I mean, are people gonna be remembering me or the statue?
High Priest: But, sire, we made it to your exact specifications.
Bender: Too exact if you ask me. Tear it down and try again. But this time don't embarrass yourselves.
High Priest: Ladies and gentlemen, the Pharaoh suddenly died.
Leela: Good riddance.
Bender: What about my servants?
Priest: Oh, yeah.
Fry: Bender, I really hope that's you. 'Cause if it isn't ... we're in trouble!
Leela. Why'd you have to drag us along?
Bender: I wanted to watch you remember me.
Leela in the afterlife?
Bender: Afterlife? Pft. If I thought I had to go through a whole other life I'd kill myself right now.
Leela: Well rot in peace. Fry and I are leaving.
Bender Here, have a pomegranate schnapps from my private distillery and start sharing fond memories of me, Bender.
Fry: What proof is this? Some huge number?
Leela Let's get a little kindling going!
Bender: No! You can't blow up my monument. I won't be remembered.
Leela: Oh, right, how selfish of me. We'll just stay here forever. Hey, Fry? Remember that robot "Bender"?
Fry Did you hear something, Leela?
Leela: No. But I bet it wasn't someone who was good at stealing.
Bender: Stop it, stop it! It's not right! You've crossed a line.
Fry: Hey, Leela, you know who I remember?
Bender: Oh, please, let it be me.
Fry: That guy who used to bend things. You know?
Bender: Me, please!
Fry: Hermes.
Bender: Alright, alright! If it means that much to you, blow up my statue.
Leela: Oh, Bender! When did you come in? Hold still!
Leela: Let's blow this tomb!
Slave #1: Pharaoh Bender! He once more walks among the living.
Bender: How we doing?
Statue: Remember me.
Bender: I will. I will.
Bender: Please, just leave me alone.
Leela: Bender, I understand your desire to be remembered. But you don't need a statue for that.
Bender: I don't?
Leela: No. You have your legacy as a brutal, tyrannical dictator, and that will outlive any monument.
Bender: You really think they'll remember me?
Fry: Absolutely.
Bender: Well in that case. One planet down! Helmsman...
Bender: Set course for Earth!
Leela: That's not Earth.
Bender: Oh.
Raiders of the Lost Arcade
Farnsworth: There. I've finished fine-tuning my What-If machine. It can answer any "What-If" question, accurate to within one-tenth of a plausibility unit.
Leela: That's so plausible I can't believe it!
Farnsworth: Who wants the machine to show them an alternate reality?
Bender: Ooh! Ooh! I wanna know what would happen if I were human. I mean, being a robot's great, but we don't have emotions and sometimes that makes me very sad.
Farnsworth What if Bender were human?
Farnsworth: Good news, everyone! I've invented a way to turn Bender into a human using a process I call "reverse fossilisation".
Leela: How does it work?
Farnsworth: Well, in regular fossilisation, flesh and bone turn to minerals. Realising that, it was a simple matter to reverse the process. I've already tested it by turning the toaster into a racoon.
Fry: Kinda game-y.
Farnsworth: Are you ready, Bender?
Bender: I dunno. I'm beginning to have some second thoughts--
Hermes: Cover your shame, mon!
Farnsworth: It worked! Eat it, everyone whose never won a Nobel Prize! And that includes you, Amy!
Bender No, it just moved. I'm not getting good reception on it though. Maybe if I wiggle it around a little.
Fry: Bender, no! You'll make God cry.
Bender Being human is great!
Zoidberg: Hooray! It's just like Mardis Gras!
Bender: Guy! Guys! You've gotta see this. You're not gonna believe it!
Leela: Bender, it's OK to be proud but don't be a show-off.
Bender: Whoa! You look a lot better than you used to for some reason.
Amy: You're not so bad yourself, big boy.
Bender Nah, it's not working anymore.
Farnsworth: Speak for yourself!
Bender: Whoa! This is awesome!
Leela: Bender, you drank and smoked when you were a robot.
Bender for me!
Fry: Speaking of which, try these nachos.
Bender What's going on? That rhythm! It's doing something to my human butt.
Amy: Bender, part of being human is having self control.
Bender: Oh, my God! I bet I can eat nachos and go to the bathroom at the same time!
Amy: No, Bender!
Hermes: No!
Leela: Stop him.
Bender: Let me go.
Leela: No!
Farnsworth: Come, Bender. It's time to go home and rest. I need you in top shape next week when I present you to the Nobel Prize Committee. Bender?
Bender: Goodbye, moderation!
Zoidberg: Is Bender still missing for a week? Where is he, already?
Farnsworth: Uh, as I've said before, I used reverse fossilisation, which is the reverse of regular, um...
Fry: Pst! We found him!
Farnsworth: Ah! Then without further stalling for time, I present to the Nobel judges the first robot ever turned into a human.
Wernstrom: My God! He needs medical attention!
Zoidberg?
Leela: Well, that's not so bad.
Zoidberg: No, I mean 40 pounds!
Farnsworth: This, um, scientific breakthrough ... heralds a new dawn in human-robot relations, yes.
Bender Hey, you like grilled cheese?
Farnsworth: And, um, that's why I believe I deserve the Nobel Prize.
Wernstrom: Not only do you not deserve a Nobel Prize for loosing this bloated man-ball on the world but you are hereby kicked out of the Academy of Science.
Bender: Wait! As men of science are not your minds open to new ideas? I say, do not judge me until you have tried my way of life for yourselves.
Wernstrom: Young man, you have opened our minds and swayed our hearts. Let us therefore--
Bender: Party!
Wernstrom: Bender, you were right! Truly you have lived more in your one week of being human than the rest of us have in our entire lives.
Bender: Woo!
Wernstrom ... Chemistry.
Farnsworth: Care to say a few words, Bender?
Fry.
Wernstrom: When did he die?
Farnsworth: About 12 hours ago when the party started.
Wernstrom: But he just said, "Woo."
Farnsworth Goodnight, sweet prince. You were the greatest man any of us will ever know. Well, let's get him out of here. He's starting to smell up the joint.
Narrator!
Farnsworth: Who else has a question for the What-If machine? Scruffy? Katrina? Xanthor?
Fry: Ooh, I have one. I'm good at video games and bad at everything else. That's why I wish life were more like a video game.
Farnsworth: Can you put that in the form of a question?
Fry: Uh, what if that thing I said?
Farnsworth: Oh, great machine, we beseech thee. What if life were more like a video game?
Nixon: Good evening, ignorant pigs. Put down your crack pipes and your beer bongs and pay attention as I sign an historic peace accord with Ambassador Kong of planet Nintendu 64.
Fry: Wait a second! I know that monkey. His name is Donkey.
Farnsworth: Monkeys aren't donkeys! Quit messing with my head!
Nixon What the--
Mario: Mamma Mia! The cruel meatball of war has rolled onto our laps and ruined our white pants of peace!
Man. Please step into the war room.
Man: You'll be meeting with General Colin Pac-Man.
Pac-Man: Wakka, wakka, wakka, wakka. Let's get down to business. What can you tell us about the Nintendians?
Fry: Well, sir, I spent all of ninth grade studying them, except for that day when my eyeballs started to bleed. And in my opinion--
Pac-Man: Quickly! To the escape tunnels!
Pac-Man: This way, damnit!
Zoidberg Ooh, and a cherry!
Fry: Hey, watch out!
Zoidberg: Uh-oh!
Leela: Oh, my God! He ate Fry! Fry is dead!
Fry: It's OK. I had another guy!
Pac-Man: Wakka ... wakka, wa--
Leela: Invaders! Possibly from space!
Lrrr different kinds of ships.
Fry: Alright! It's Saturday night, I have no date, a two-litre bottle of Shasta and my all-Rush mix tape. Let's rock!
Nd-Nd: We're losing ships, Lrrr. What are your orders?
Lrrr: Increase speed, drop down and reverse direction!
Fry: I've still got a trick or two up my sleeve. Watch, as I fire upwards through our own shields.
Bender!
Pac-Man I'm hit! So cold!
Ms. Pac-Man: No!
Fry: Amy, tend to the widow Pac-Man.
Ms. Pac-Man: Wakka, wakka, wakka.
Lrrr: Drop down and increase speed.
Zoidberg: One ship is left only.
Leela: Come on, Fry! Get it!
Fry: It's moving too fast! Oh, I could never get the last one. My brother always got it for me.
Lrrr: Drop down, reverse direction, prepare for landing.
Lrrr: You are defeated. Instead of shooting where I was, you should have shot at where I was going to be.
Beserk: All your base are belong to us.
Q-Bert: Where can a guy get a pair of pants around here?
Fry: What do you monsters want?
Donkey Kong: One thing and one thing only: Quarters! A million allowances worth of quarters! No slugs or tokens.
Beserk: Fork 'em over! Fork 'em over!
Farnsworth: Forget it, you pixilated pirates. We need those quarters to do our laundry.
Amy: Yeah!
Bender: Right on!
Leela: Sure thing, Professor!
Lrrr: But-But space invaders need to do laundry too. I mean look at Donkey Kong here. Have you smelled his loincloth lately?
Zoidberg: Yes.
Amy: Go away! We're not giving you our quarters no matter what.
Lrrr: Well ... then what if we throw our laundry in with yours? Would that be acceptable?
Fry: I guess so.
Lrrr: OK, then. That settles that. But if this cape shrinks, consider your species extinct!
Narrator.
Farnsworth: Well, there's time for one last question. Let's turn to the "Who Ask" machine to see who's next.
Who Ask Machine I mean Leela.
Leela As an alien who was abandoned on Earth, I've never really belonged anywhere.
Bender: Boo-hoo.
Fry: Ow!
Bender: Uh ... where?
Leela Ow!
Leela: Where are we?
Leela Ooh! Nice boots!
Cubert: Look, everyone! She killed the Man-Witch of the West!
Leela: A witch? That explains how these boots magically appeared on my feet.
Small Glurmo #1: No, you stole them. We saw you.
Leela: Well ... i-it's hard to find shoes that fit me. So, anyway, who are you people? Haven't I seen you in some copyrighted movie?
Small Glurmo #1: We resemble but are legally distinct from the lollipop guild, the lollipop--
Amy: Greetings, Leela. I'm the Cute Witch of the North!
Leela: Yeah... Can anyone fix my ship so I can get home?
Amy: Abraca-duh! Just ask the Professor. He lives in the Emerald Laboratory down Martin Luther King Boulevard.
Leela: You mean that yellow brick road?
Amy Ooh! Those are great shoes!
Leela: Oh, thank you.
Amy: Do they come in women's sizes?
Fry And then, "honk, honk," the car honked its own horn!
Leela: Wow! A talking scarecrow. Wanna come with us to see the Professor? He might be able to give you a brain.
Fry: Hey! That's not a nice thing to say.
Bender: Beer! Beer!
Leela: Whiskey OK?
Bender: Now did you say you were off to see the Professor? 'Cause I could use a heart -- a human heart. I need to pump a lot of blood out of my basement.
Zoidberg: And I'm the other guy, courage. Not enough of it. Need some from whatshisname.
Mom Fly, my stupids! Fly out and get them!
Igner: But, Mom, you promised you'd bake monkey cake today.
Mom: By "monkey cake" I meant your ass!
Fry.
Zoidberg: What, do I smell or something?
Leela: Why did you bring us here?
Zoidberg did I have to take a cab?
Mom: I'll tell you why I brought you here, you twice-baked barf bags: Because I've always wanted a daughter to love. You want to get adopted, you little skank?
Leela: And live here? And be a witch like you? Yeah, alright. As long as I get to hurt people and not just dance around at the equinox.
Mom: Absolutely.
Leela: Oh, Mommy! I found my true home!
Bender: Hooray!
Zoidberg: Alright!
Fry: That's great, Leela.
Bender Oops!
Mom: I'm melting! Oh, who would have thought a small amount of liquid would ever fall on me?
Bender: Well, no point letting her go to waste.
Hermes: Yes?
Leela: We're here to see the Professor.
Hermes: No one sees the mighty Professor.
Farnsworth: Who's there, Hermes? Is it visitors? I want to see them.
Hermes He's not here.
Leela: Oh, for the love of Benji!
Farnsworth Now, what do you nice kids want?
Zoidberg: Nothing! I'm leaving. But if you have extra courage I'd haul it away for you, maybe?
Farnsworth: Oh, blithery poop, my cowardly lobster! You don't need courage. After all, who needs courage when you have a gun?
Zoidberg hands up!
Farnsworth: And you, lad, all you need is brain.
Fry: Why does everyone keep saying that?
Bender: This is a stick-up. Gimme the bag, old man!
Farnsworth: Here you go, my friend. 5000 Professor Land fun bucks.
Bender: Oh, crap.
Farnsworth: As for you, young lady, you want to go home, right?
Leela: No, not anymore. I wanna stay here and become the new Wicked Witch.
Farnsworth: Nonsense. Now click your big, honking boots together three times and wish to go home to Kansas, to live in poverty with your dirt-farming, teetotalling aunt and uncle.
Leela Oh, no! Help! What's happening?
Zoidberg: Uh, sorry. I think there's a problem with your upstairs toilet.
Bender: Wake up!
Fry: Leela, are you alright? You got wanged on the head.
Leela were there.
Fry: Never mind, Professor. She came to.
Farnsworth: Oh! So close.
Hermes: There's always next year, Professor. There's always next year.
Fry: I've never seen a supernova blow up, but if it's anything like my old Chevy Nova, it'll light up the night sky!
Bender: Yeah! Anyone who misses this will regret it the rest of his life. Hey, Fry, could you go make some popcorn?
Fry: OK.
Fry Hey, what smells like blue?
Leela: Fry, get up here! It's starting!
Farnsworth: Focus!
Bender: Oh, boy!
Leela: Oh!
Fry: Hey, which crazy thing happening are you guys screaming about?
Zoidberg: My head is spinning.
Fry: Ooh! My popcorn's done!
Fry: Aw! It's less popped than ever.
Leela Let's get back home.
Leela: Why is there so little traffic around Earth?
Farnsworth: And what's this layer of ozone? That's never been there before.
Zoidberg: Such noises!
Leela: Oh, no! There's no global positioning signal! Navigation is failing.
Fry: We're gonna crash!
Leela Oh, I guess I can't. Everyone, put on your seatbelts.
Bender: Ah, those things cost more lives than they save.
Fry: Bender, are you OK?
Bender: I dunno. I'll try to move my feet.
Leela: Alright, here's the plan: Zoidberg, pick up the pieces. Everyone else, take five.
Zoidberg What is?
Man: General, in all my years of covering top secret discoveries with sheets, I've never dramatically revealed anything as shocking as this. Dun-dun-dun! The debris from an alien spaceship.
General: Son, I think I can safely say--
Man: As you can see, 1947 is going to be an eventful year for the town of ... Roswell, New Mexico.
Farnsworth: Remarkable! According the high-precision digital chronograph it's July 9th, 1947, which would explain why the chronograph has turned into this pin-up calendar.
Bender: Wait a second. You mean we travelled through time?
Farnsworth: Doy! Some idiot must have put metal in the microwave--
Fry: Yo!
Farnsworth: And the microwave radiation, combined with the gravitons and graviolis from the supernova, blasted us through time itself.
Leela: Have you seen today's news?
Bender: High school gym renovations on schedule? What a load!
Leela Flying saucer captured!
Bender: That's no flying saucer! That's my ass!
Fry: My God! This means the flying saucer that crashed in Roswell ... was us!
Farnsworth: And the alien they captured was ... was...
Zoidberg So what are you guys doing tonight? I'm up for whatever.
Farnsworth ... exactly 24 hours.
Leela: No problem. The ship's fixed except for the cup holder and I should have that operational within 10 hours.
Farnsworth Without a working one we have no hope of returning to the future.
Leela Meanwhile, you guys sneak onto the army base and rescue Bender's body.
Fry: Hey, and while we're on the base, I'll visit my grandfather, Enos. He was stationed at Roswell.
Farnsworth Stay away from him, you dim-witted monkey. You mustn't interfere with the past. Don't do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to do it. In which case, for the love of God, don't not do it!
Fry: Got it.
Farnsworth: If, for example, you were to kill your grandfather, you would cease to exist.
Fry: But existing is basically all I do!
General: What is your purpose here?
Zoidberg: Alright, Officer, I'll move along.
Man: What the general means is why did you come to Earth?
Zoidberg: Not a day goes by I don't ask myself the same question.
Sergeant Private, I want that toilet bowl so clean I could eat off it! 'Cause I intend to!
Enos: Well gadzooks, Sarge!
Fry: It's him! It's my grandfather, Enos.
Sergeant: Now prepare my lunch and place it in the latrine at twelve-hundred hours!
Fry Are you crazy? You almost got yourself run over!
Enos: I did? Then I sure am lucky you knocked me onto this pile of rusty bayonets!
Bender: Pst! Fry! Stop interfering with history. I don't wanna have to memorise a lot of new kings when I get back.
Fry: I had no choice; I was about to not exist. I could feel myself fading away, like Greg Kinnear.
Enos Mmm! Finger-licking good!
Fry Everything's gonna be alright, Dad!
Enos: Well gadzooks! I'd better ask Sarge.
Fry: No time! Run! Run to safety!
Man: This experiment will determine what food, if any, the alien eats.
Zoidberg: A buffet! Oh, if only I had my wallet with me!
Man: Um, it's free.
General: Get me the President.
Leela Yo, homes! We're looking for a microwave oven.
Salesman This beauty has four broilers, a casserole indicator, a fold-out ironing board and, down here, a foot-soaking tub. Since, as a woman, you'll be standing in front of it all day.
Leela you again: Where can we find a mi-cro-wave?
Salesman: Sir, your wife's hysterical, so I'll address this to you. This oven is lightning fast. It takes only five hours to cook a roast.
Farnsworth Women!
Fry: Thank God I got you off that dangerous army base.
Enos Ooh! Snacks!
Bender: Hey! That's my brain!
Enos: Damn! Them crackers cut my mouth up somethin' bad! Let's stop off for a malt.
Enos: See that waitress there?
Fry: Yowza! I know what I want for dessert!
Enos: That's my fiancée, Mildred.
Fry: Grandma Mildred? Uh, no dessert! Just coffee.
Mildred: Okie-doke. And for you, Snuggums?
Enos: Uh, I'll have a pie with a fried egg on top.
Fry: She sure is pretty. You ought to marry her and father some children right away.
Enos to?
Fry Oh! You almost got neutered.
Enos: Well it ain't as bad as getting killed.
Fry I'm getting you outta here!
Enos: Ow!
Fry: OK, we're in the middle of nowhere, which is the safest part of nowhere. Just stay put and enjoy this calendar.
Fry: Safe and sound! Finally, I can continue to exist.
Man #2: Three, two, one.
Bender: And you are outta here!
Mildred: What'll you folks have today?
Farnsworth: I'll have the soylent green, with a slice of soylent orange and some soylent coleslaw.
Mildred: Pardon?
Leela: It's the 20th century, Professor.
Farnsworth: Oh, right! I'll have a croque monsieur, the paella, two mutton pills and a stein of mead.
Leela: I'll just have a small injection of Femislim.
Mildred: Uh, two chilli dogs comin' up.
Leela: Well, settle in. Without a microwave we're trapped in this time period.
Farnsworth: Oh, Lord! We'll have to endure the horrible music of the Big Bopper and then the terrible tragedy of his death.
Leela: Wait a second! There's a microwave radar dish at the army base.  We could steal it!
Farnsworth: No! That would alter history. Above all else, it is our sacred duty to preserve the past exactly as it was.
Fry: Well, I killed my grandfather.
Farnsworth: Wha?
Leela: Wait. If you killed your grandfather, why do you still exist?
Fry: I dunno. Maybe God loves me.
Mildred No, sir, I'm afraid I don't take much solace in the fact that the implosion trigger functioned perfectly.
Fry: Aw. There, there. If it makes you feel any better, his body was vaporised so there's no chance of him coming back as a zombie.
Mildred: I'm not worried about that.
Fry: Then you're a braver woman than I.
Mildred: You remind me of Enos. Would you mind walking me home?
Fry: Uh, how far is it?
General: Welcome to Roswell, President Truman.
Truman ... and a single conspiracy nutter no one will believe.
General: Mr. President, our men have assembled the parts from the alien ship into its original design.
Truman: Whistling Dixie! I want this sent to Area 51 for study.
General: But, sir, that's where we're building the fake moon landing set.
Truman: Then we'll have to really land on the moon. Invent NASA and tell them to get off their fannies!
Truman: If you come in peace, surrender or be destroyed. If you're here to make war, we surrender.
Zoidberg: Both good. The important thing is I'm meeting new people.
Truman: Bushwah! Now what's your mission? Are you planning to make some kind of alien-human hybrid?
Zoidberg: Are you coming onto me?
Truman: Hot crackers! I take exception to that!
Zoidberg: I'm not hearing a no.
Truman: Nerks to this space crab! If we want information, we'll have to do us an old-fashioned alien autopsy!
Zoidberg: Hooray!
Mildred: Every little thing reminds me of Enos.
Fry: Aw, I know how you feel. My grandfather died recently.
Mildred You like holding me, don't you?
Fry: Hey, you know what always cheers you up? Baking me a nice tray of sugar cookies!
Mildred: How 'bout these cookies, sugar?
Fry: I shouldn't be here. I shouldn't even exist. But I do exist. Which proves ... you can't really be my grandm--
Bender: Oh, my God!
Farnsworth: What the hell have you done, Fry?
Fry: Relax! She can't be my grandmother. I figured it all out.
Farnsworth: Of course she's your grandmother, you perverted dope! Look!
Mildred: Come back to bed, deary.
Fry: It's impossible! I mean, if she's my grandmother, who's my grandfather?
Farnsworth are!
Mildred: Did you say something, deary? I'm a bit hard of hearing.
Pathologist #1: Commencing excavation of the subject's chest cavity.
Zoidberg C'mon! Lighten up! What is this, a funeral?
Pathologist #2: Heart.
Zoidberg: Take, I've got four of them.
Pathologist #1: Stomach contents: One deviled egg.
Zoidberg: Deviled egg?
Pathologist #1 deviled egg.
Leela: Snap out of it!
Farnsworth the damn radar dish and get back to our own time.
Fry: But-- But won't that change history?
Farnsworth: Oh, a lesson in not changing history from Mr. I'm-My-Own-Grandpa! Let's get the hell out of here already! Screw history!
Conspiracy Nutter: UFO! UFO!
Zoidberg: Hey, don't cut that! I need that to speak!
Pathologist #2: Oh, my!
Truman: Sweet Roosevelt's ghost!
Leela Yah!
Fry: Take this, Mr. President-- Sir!
Zoidberg: The President is gagging on my gas bladder! What an honour!
Farnsworth: Huh, wha? Oh, right!
Sergeant: Enos!
Fry! Sorry!
Fry: Yay!
Farnsworth: Choke on that, causality!
Bender: 1947 can kiss my shiny metal--
Fry: Turn around. We've gotta go back for Bender!
Farnsworth get back to the 31st century.
Fry: Bender!
Zoidberg: There! Good as new!
Leela: Don't you need this one?
Zoidberg Gotcha!
Fry: Oh, poor Bender. He must be so lonely right now, trapped a thousand years in the past. Hey! Wait a second!
Leela: Anything?
Fry Wait!
Bender: Ow! Stupid junk!
Fry years?
Bender: I was enjoying it until you guys showed up.
Farnsworth: Well, now everything is back as it was. And if history doesn't care that out degenerate friend Fry is his own grandfather then who are we to judge?
Bender: Amen!
Leela: Space pirates!
Fry: Space pirates?
Leela: You know. Pirates, but in space.
Pirate: Avast, mateys!
Pirate: Electronically transfer your space doubloons, afore I send thee to Davey Jarg's locker!
Bender: Hey! Keep it down, you kids! I'm trying to take a nap!
Fry: Come on! Come on!
Bender Come back when I've had some sleep, baby!
Leela: Fry to battlestations. Fire torpedo number three.
Fry: Firing torpedo number three!
Bender: Huh? What?
Leela: That's not torpedo three. That's not torpedo three at all!
Bender --la!
Pirate: Too late do I realise that me children are me only real treasures.
Bender: Help! Mechanical man overboard!
Fry: Go after him, Leela!
Leela: It's no use. We were going full speed when we fired him so he's going even faster than that.
Fry: You mean we can never catch up to him? Not even if we rub the engine with cheetah blood?
Leela: I don't know how to say this, Fry, but Bender is doomed to drift through space ... forever.
Fry: He always wanted to drift forever, but through the American Southwest.
Bender Damn you!
Bender Well that was fun. Now for eons of loneliness.
Bender: Huh?
Shrimpkin Priest: Fellow Shrimpkins, behold him who hath taken us unto his breast.
Bender!
Shrimpkin Priest: All bow before the great Metal Lord!
Bender: Worshippers? This ought to liven up my endless, tragic voyage.
Shrimpkin Priest: All hail the Metal Lord!
Shrimpkins: So hailed!
Bender I am the Metal Lord. Who are you?
Malachi loves the Metal Lord".
Bender. Time for a religious donation. Hand over your wallet.
Malachi: But, Lord, we are a poor and simple folk.
Bender: Poor? Oh, crap.
Malachi: Pity me not, for I am richened by the love of my family.
Malachi's Wife: What art thou doing, Malachi Jr.?
Malachi Jr. Mmm! Mmm!
Bender Number one...
Malachi: Behold: The One Commandment.
Bender: Make it a double!
Fry: Can you find him, Professor?
Farnsworth: No. I'm afraid the Smellescope isn't powerful enough. Bender's odour is so mild it's being overpowered by local sources.
Zoidberg: Hooray! People are paying attention to me!
Amy: Fry, we brought someone to cheer you up.
Hermes: His name is Helper and he's eager to be your new best friend.
Helper: Hello there, chum. I understand you miss your buddy. Have a pudding pop!
Fry: No, thanks, I don't--
Helper: Who wants to go to an amusement park?
Fry: Well, I guess that sounds OK.
Helper: Have a good time. Hey, I heard your friend Bender is back.
Fry: What? Really?
Helper: No. I just thought you would enjoy that for a moment.
Bender Malachi, good work. There's no slowing down with the Metal Lord tonight.
Malachi: Yes, tonight is kind of special.
Bender: Wait a second. Did you rip off your own arm as a joke?
Malachi And, of course, the liquor industry attracted organised crime.
Bender: It's all my fault. Malachi, tell thy people that the Lord is moved by their plight.
Malachi's Wife: Malachi Jr., no!
Malachi Jr.: Daddy, I can't hold much longer. My arms are tired from hugging.
Malachi: Save him! Save my son, oh Metal Lord!
Bender What the-- Malachi, what manner of deal is this with the chanting?
Malachi: They saw you save my son. Now everyone is praying for their own miracles.
Bender: Very well. What do they want?
Malachi: The people of that village pray for wealth.
Bender: Um, that was a practice miracle. Who's next?
Malachi: The farmers pray for sunlight so their barley might make a more refreshing beer for today's God on the go.
Bender Um, when you're writing the Bible, you might want to omit that last miracle.
Fry! If I can't reach you physically, I'll just have to try something desperate and crazy!
Fry: So that's my story, Father Changstein el Gamahl. Is there anything religion can do to help me find my friend?
Changstein el Gamahl: Well, we could join together in prayer.
Fry: Uh-huh. But is there anything useful we can do?
Changstein el Gamahl: No.
Gypsy.
Fry: Bonder? Is it really you?
Gypsy: Yes. I am fine. Give the gypsy $10.
Fry: Wait a minute! Bender's name isn't Bonder, it's Bender. You're a fraud!
Gypsy: Look, you want false hope or not?
Fry: Only if you don't have any real hope.
Gypsy: Well, there is perhaps one way. Have you heard of the Monks of Dschubba?
Fry heard of them.
Gypsy: They are an ancient order that believes God exists somewhere in the depths of space. They have built the universe's most powerful radio telescope, high in the Himalayas, to search for him.
Fry: You think they'd let me use it to look for Bender?
Gypsy: What am I, psychic? I mean, yes! Yes, I'm-I'm sure they will. Yes.
Malachi: Oh, Metal Lord, hear my prayer.
Bender: Yes, Malachi, what is it this time?
Malachi: My Lord, the infidels on your back no longer believe in you. They say their prayers go unheeded.
Bender: Of course they're unheeded. How am I supposed to hear prayers coming out of my ass?
Malachi: They talk of war against the faithful. I beseech thee. Rise up against them. Smite someone who deserves it for once.
Bender: Malachi, every time I interfere, I only make things worse. You're best off solving your own problems.
Malachi: But-But Metal Lord.
Bender: What part of "nay" doesn't thou understand?
Fry: Sir, I'm outfitting an expedition to a monastery high in the Himalayas. I'll need a long-sleeved coat.
Leela: Look, I miss Bender almost half as much as you do but you can't bring him back this way. It's hopeless.
Fry I'd also like a pack mule.
Salesman: At once, sir!
Leela: Well, you obviously won't listen to reason, so I guess I'll listen to idiotic-ness and come with you. But we'll need a sherpa to guide us.
Bender Atomic bombs? Oh, no! Those unbelievers from my backside must have found my nuclear pile!
Malachi: Fear not, my Lord. We shall be with you soon.
Bender: You're with me now. This is the maximum level of being with me!
Malachi: We will solve our own problems as you commanded. The time has come to convert the unbelievers.
Bender: Convert them?
Malachi!
Malachi Jr. hard he'll save us from--
Bender Ooh! It tickles!
Bender They're dead. All dead. Who would have known playing God could have such terrible consequences?
Leela: Fry, if I drop dead from exhaustion, make sure my body freezes in a dignified position. None of that "huddled over for warmth" crap.
Namgyal: Behold. The Monastery of Dschubba. I must leave you now for I am not holy enough to enter.
Fry: OK.
Leela: Looks rickety. We'd better test it.
Female Voice: Welcome to our monastery. Please stand to one side to let faster pilgrims by.
Bender: Hey! That galaxy's signalling in binary. I gotta signal back. But I only know enough binary to ask where the bathroom is. You speak English?
Galaxy: I do now.
Bender: What are you? Some kind of galactic computer?
Galaxy: Possible. I am user friendly, my good chum.
Bender: Who built you?
Galaxy: I have always been.
Bender: Oh, my God. Are you God?
"God": Possible. I do feel compassion for all living things, my good chum.
Bender: But why would God think in binary? Unless ... you're not God, but the remains of a computerised space probe that collided with God.
"God": That seems probable.
Monk #1: A member of our brotherhood sits at these controls every hour of every day, scanning the heavens for God.
Monk #2: There he is! No. No, wait, no.
Leela: How long have you been at it?
Monk #1: 700 years. We've not yet examined one-ten-millionth of the sky. But we will go on until we find the Almighty, even if it takes till the end of time.
Fry: And then what?
Monk #1: Then we utter unto him a short prayer. You see, the telescope is also an amplifying transmitter.
Leela: Sort of like a giant karaoke machine?
Monk #1: Not really. Would you like to see our giant karaoke machine?
Leela: Not really.
Fry: Hmm. Finding God. That-That's important, yeah. But you know what might be a treat for everyone? If you let me use the telescope to find my lost friend, Bender.
Monk #1: I don't know what to say, other than "absolutely not". Your loss is a tragedy but our work--
Fry: Aw, come on! You guys have forever to look for God. All I'm asking is one measly lifetime to find my friend.
Monk #2 God.
Monk #1: Oh, how convenient! A theory about God that doesn't require looking through a telescope. Get back to work!
Fry: That telescope is as much mine as anybody's. I'm using it whether you give me permission or not.
Leela: Hi-yah! Your order may be famous for your martial arts, but I've never met a holy man I couldn't clobber.
Monk #1: Actually, we only practise martial arts as a form of meditation. We are a strictly non-violent sect.
Leela: Oh. Then get in the laundry room or I'll kick your butts!
Monk #3: This is the worst crazy sect I've ever been in.
Bender: So, do you know what I'm gonna do before I do it?
"God": Yes.
Bender: What if I do something different?
"God": Then I don't know that.
Bender: Cool! Cool! I bet a lot of people pray to you, huh?
"God": Yes. But there are so many asking so much. After a while, you just sorta tune it out.
Bender: Y'know, I was God once.
"God": Yes, I saw. You were doing well until everyone died.
Bender: It was awful. I tried helping them, I tried not helping them but in the end I couldn't do them any good. Do you think what I did was wrong?
"God": Right and wrong are just words. What matters is what you do.
Bender: Yeah I know, that's why I asked if what I did-- Forget it.
"God": Bender, being God isn't easy. If you do too much, people get dependent on you. And if you do nothing, they lose hope. You have to use a light touch like a safecracker or a pickpocket.
Bender: Or a guy who burns down the bar for the insurance money.
"God": Yes, if you make it look like an electrical thing. When you do things right, people won't be sure you've done anything at all.
Bender: Does that mean you wouldn't send me back to Earth even if I prayed to you?
"God": Earth? Which way is that?
Bender: I don't know.
Fry: Bender? Bender?
Monk #2: Let us out! We cooked our shoes in the dryer and ate them. Now we're bored.
Fry: Hello? Has anyone out there seen Bender?
H.G. Blob: No! Quit asking.
Leela: Fry, it's been three days. And even if you stay here the rest of your life, there is virtually no chance of finding him. It's time to give up.
Fry But still, I wish I had Bender back.
"God": Huh?
Bender: Huh? Wha? You say something?
"God": No, no. Well, so long. Remember what we talked about.
Bender: Hot, hot, hot, hot!
Fry Ow!
Leela: This is, by a wide margin, the least likely thing that has ever happened.
Bender God!
Fry: We climbed a mountain and locked up some monks.
Leela: Oh, no! The monks! We forgot to let them out of the laundry room.
Fry: Do we have to? I mean, they're monks. I'm sure their God will let them out or at least give them more shoes to eat.
Bender: Fat chance! You can't count on God for jack. He pretty much told me so himself. Now come on. If we don't save those monks, no one will!
"God": When you do things right, people won't be sure you've done anything at all.
Man: Yes! Good thing I noticed the similar shapes.
Hermes: Planet Express stockholders, I present our chief executive officer, Professor Hubert Farnsworth.
Farnsworth: Oh!
Amy: There he is!
Hattie: Take it off!
Farnsworth: Where am I?
Hermes: Move forward. Walk into the light.
Farnsworth Thank you all for coming. I don't recognise any of you, nor can I recall why I am here. Now, without further ado, a film highlighting Planet Express Inc.'s latest fiscal year.
Narrator It was a year of soaring profits and significant one-time losses.
Fry: Psst! Watching myself work is making me hungry. Help me find some food somewhere.
Zoidberg: I'll not only help you find it, I'll help you do more to it!
Fry: Ooh! A Bot Mitzvah. Shalom, hunger! Shalom, free food!
Robot #1: No shellfish!
Zoidberg: That is so unfair!
Pig: Tell me about it.
Fry: So what's the deal? You guys don't believe in Robot Jesus?
Rabbi-bot: We believe he was built and that he was a very well programmed robot. But he wasn't our Messiah.
Narrator: And so our company flames onwards. Planet Express: Limitless potential, boundless horizons, the unstoppable juggernaut of the corporate universe.
Hermes: It's been a terrible year, people. The company is on the verge of bankruptcy.
Leela: But the movie--
Hermes The blue slice represents the money we earned from shipping packages, while the green slice represents an $8 bank error in our favour.
Leela: This toads the wet sprocket. What about out thousands of shares of stock?
Hermes: Worthless.
Bender: I'll kill you!
Hattie: I own one share of Planet kajiggers so I'm entitled to some answers. Question 1: Why does no one visit me in my home?
Farnsworth: 'Cause your apartment smells like Polygrip and cat pee.
Fry: This is perfect for me.
Zoidberg You didn't let me finish. I was going to say "to get the free food".
Joe: My name's Joe and I'm a defrostee.
All: Hello, Joe.
Joe: When I was frozen, giant carrots ruled the Earth, but now they don't. It takes some getting used to.
Steve Castle: Back in the 1980's, I was the toast of Wall Street. I was having whiskey with Boesky and cookies with Milken. But then, I was diagnosed with terminal boneitis.
Fry: Boneitis? Pft! That's a funny name for a horrible disease.
Steve Castle Naturally I froze myself until a cure was found. Now here I am, ready to sleaze my way back to the top, 80's style!
Caveman The hardest thing was seeing my wife on display in the British Museum.
Fry?
Steve Castle: Sure do! We can dance!
Fry: Y'know, that dance wasn't as safe as they said it was.
Steve Castle: I tell you: Two go-go 80's Reagan-auts like us, we could rule this world!
Fry: No question!
Steve Castle: If only someone would give us a shot.
Fry: They're scared of our raw power. Oh, but if you want a job, I could beg everyone at the company where I work.
Steve Castle: Awesome. Awesome to the max!
Hermes: And finally, the post office meter is for business mail only.
Bender: Aw, come on! I've got a lot of ransom notes to send!
Hattie: Enough talk. It's time for action. I move that everyone come to my apartment to snuggle my cat.
Scruffy: Second.
Farnsworth: I move that your cat stinks and is ugly.
Scruffy: Second.
Hattie: I move that we vote on a new chief executive officer and oust this old creep. And also that make cat smells good and is pretty.
Scruffy: Second.
Hermes: Very well. I nominate the Professor.
Amy: Second.
Leela: Second.
Bender: Second.
Farnsworth: I'm your man.
Leela: I vote my 10,000 shares for the Professor.
Hermes: Yeah, the Professor!
Farnsworth: Me!
Fry My shares still count if they went through the washing machine, right?
Hermes: Well, if I know anything about which number is bigger than the other number, I'd say that--
Scruffy: Now hold on there. Scruffy votes his 40,000 shares for the mysterious stranger.
Leela: 40,000? How come you have four-times as much stock as the rest of us?
Scruffy: Scruffy believes in this company.
Hermes: Then we have a tie. And in the event of a tie, the Professor, as the current CEO remains--
Hattie Hey! You ate my change!
Hermes: Then it's settled. The new chief executive officer of Planet Express corporation is That Guy.
Hermes: Please welcome our new chief executive officer, That Guy.
Steve Castle: Let's cut to the chase. There are two kinds of people: Sheep and sharks. Anyone who's a sheep is fired. Who's a sheep?
Zoidberg: Uh, excuse me? Which is the one people like to hug?
Steve Castle I am proud to be the shepherd of this herd of sharks and I am gonna lead you to the top in this industry of ... of--
Fry: Package delivery.
Steve Castle Fantastic! Now, the first order of business is to blame everything on the guy before me. Professor?
Farnsworth: I'll ruin you like I ruined this company.
Steve Castle: Terrific. Question number one: What was your overall business plan?
Farnsworth: Um, business plan, uh, yes. I keep it here, right next to my heart.
Steve Castle: This isn't a business plan, it's an escape plan.
Farnsworth: So long, suckers!
Steve Castle: Fry, as a fellow 80's dollar-jockey, I'm making you my new vice chairman.
Fry: I'm rollin' up the corporate ramp.
Zoidberg: It's the end of the line!
Hermes: We're ruined!
Scruffy: What fevered dream is this that bids to tear this company in twain?
Monster: Thank you, come again!
Steve Castle: That's what I call a hostile makeover! Hair gel?
Fry: No, thanks. I make my own.
Steve Castle: This company's gonna shoot straight to the top and stay there, like Cindy Lauper! I ask you: Who is the number one delivery service on Earth?
Zoidberg: Is it Planet Express, master?
Steve Castle Mom's Friendly Delivery Company.
Hermes: We can't compete with Mom! Her company is big and evil. Ours is small and neutral.
Steve Castle: Switzerland is small and neutral. We're more like Germany; ambitious and misunderstood.
Amy: Look, everyone wants to be like Germany but do we really have the pure strength of will?
Steve Castle: I say we do! Now are we gonna let ourselves get beaten by an old lady?
Zoidberg: Yes, my liege!
Fry Look at my butt!
Mom: You call that a pressed ham? Walt, hit the retaliate button.
Walt: Uh ... um ... hmm ... let's see.
Mom: Any button! They all retaliate!
Fry Now this is the high life; watching apes mangle each other near celebrities.
Steve Castle: In my day we went to coke parties but the principle's the same.
Calculon: Get your stinkin' trike off me, you damn dirty ape.
Steve Castle: Listen, big guy, now that you're my protégé, it's time I cut you in on the secret to success. Any guesses?
Fry: Uh, work really, really hard?
Steve Castle: No.
Fry: Oh, thank God!
Steve Castle: It's all about appearances. That's why it's time to update our company's stodgy image and give it the sleek, dazzling veneer of the 1980's!
Fry: This company's on the fast track to the "It" list. Blast back kudos all around!
Leela: Uh, hello? We haven't made one delivery since you two took over.
Steve Castle: Delivery has nothing to do with the delivery business. Image, people, image! Scope out this new ad!
Mom We shall prevail!
Man: Hey! We were watching that!
Leela: That was terrible! People won't even know what we do.
Bender: I don't even know what we do. Nah, just kidding! What are, like, a bus or something?
Leela: Did you approve that awful ad, Fry?
Fry the brand.
Leela: Oh, Lord!
Zoidberg!
Steve Castle: Sold!
Zoidberg You got fleeced! I would have settled for a hard roll with ketchup inside!
Mom I'm sick of hearing about those turtle squirts!
Igner: But they're kings, Mommy!
Mom: Jam a bastard in it, you crap!
Elzar: Enjoy our private dining room, folks. This is where we serve our richest, most successful chumps!
Fry: Tonight, that's us!
Steve Castle: What have you got that's really overpriced?
Elzar: Everything.
Steve Castle: Bring me that.
Fry: Make it two. And a glass of all your water.
Steve Castle: OK, let's work on your execu-speak. I'm worried about "blank".
Fry: Don't you worry about "blank". Let me worry about "blank".
Steve Castle You're not looking at the big picture!"
Fry: What a pleasant surprise!
Mom: Shut up, booger blaster! It's time the three of us had a talk.
Steve Castle: I'll handle this, Fry. You get back to the farm, shift some paradigms, revolutionise outside the box.
Fry: I'm on it. But if you need me, you know where I'll be.
Fry: Call me a "booger blaster"! I'll blast a booger so hard that--
Leela: Fry, we're worried about Planet Express.
Fry: Don't you worry about Planet Express. Let me worry about "blank".
Hermes: That Guy is nothing but a flashy con man! And you've been hypnotised by his swinging baloney!
Leela: You've changed, Fry.
Fry Suz? Have I changed?
Suz: No, sir, Mr. Fry.
Fry: Thanks, doll.
Leela.
Farnsworth: This isn't a business. I've always thought of it more as a source of cheap labour, like a family.
Fry: You're right, Professor. We might not be a traditional family like the Murphy's next door or the lesbian coven across the street. But we are a family and That Guy understands that.
Steve Castle: Everyone's fired and we're out of business.
Amy: Oh, no!
Hermes: How?
Steve Castle: I'm gonna sell Planet Express to Mom so she can gut the company and eliminate us as competitors.
Mom: Don't let the door hit you on the way out, 'cause I don't want ass prints on my new door!
Fry: Uh, Ms. Johnson? Please bring in some more chair fuel.
Fry: I had no idea the company would be sold. I was just an innocent suck-up. You've gotta believe me!
Leela: Just leave us alone and let us clear out our lockers.
Bender: Yeah!
Amy: It's so sad, where will I go? What will I do?
Lackey: You have Mrs. Darlinghaven's cotillion at 7, ma'am.
Amy: Oh. That'll be fun.
Fry: Ms. Johnson, you've never lied to me. Am I still a good person?
Suz: I don't know, sir. I'm a program built into the intercom.
Fry: I've got to redeem myself. Somehow, sometime, for some reason. I'll block this takeover!
Suz: Mr. Fry, your two o'clock magician is here.
Fry Reschedule.
Broker-bot #1: Sell 100 soylent beans!
Broker-bot #2: Buy 3,000 cornbellies!
Broker-bot #3: 200 canned whoop-ass!
Broker-bot #1: Three big bags of trash!
Jor-El: Attention, please. The takeover of PlanEx Corp. by Mom's Delivery Company will take place in the business centre in 10 minutes. I am Jor-El, master of scheduling!
Steve Castle: OK. We've got the hot tub hot, the wine cooler's cool. It's Hammer time!
Bender: You suck!
Mom: According to regulations, both companies must approve the takeover. Planet Express shareholders, cast your votes.
Hermes: Great Bonda of Uganda! We can vote against it!
Bender: I'll vote it down like a raise for school teachers!
Bender: What the--?
Hattie: How the--?
Amy: Oh, no!
Steve Castle: I neglected to mention that the shares I bought from Dr. Zoidberg gave me majority control.
Leela: Zoidberg owned 51% of the company?
Hermes: The shares were worthless and he kept asking for toilet paper.
Mom ballots.
Igner Uh, the ballot was confusing.
Mom: How about a hand recount?
Igner Ow!
Mom: The takeover of Planet Express is approved.
Amy: This stinks!
Lackey: Madam is outraged.
Steve Castle: Security, I want that bunch of rowdies outta here.
Bender: Hold on a minute!
Scruffy: Hey! Hey!
Mom: Momcorp will now purchase all outstanding shares of Planet Express at the current market price, which is:
Jor-El: 107.
Bender: Ow! And also it hurt my feelings!
Horrible Gelatinous Stockbroker: What are you solids griping about? Your shares are worth $107 apiece.
Leela: They are? Oh, my God! I'm a millionaire! Suddenly I have an opinion about that capital gains tax!
Bender: Yeah! Alright!
Amy: I'm even richer!
Zoidberg Please, oh, please!
Hermes: You didn't even refrigerate it, you spineless lobster!
Zoidberg into this!
Fry: As vice chairman of Planet Express, I'd like to say a few words. There comes a time for every man who becomes rich and deserts his friends, when he goes back how it was. For me, that time is now.
Fry: So I ask you, as a friend, won't you stop this deal?
Steve Castle My bones!
Fry: Oh, my God! His boneitis!
Steve Castle My only regret is ... that I have ... boneitis!
Fry.
Mom: Pry out his fillings, feed him to the jackals and let's get on with the sale.
Fry: I don't think so. 'Cause, as vice chairman of the company, I gain voting control of his shares.
Mom: Don't be a fool, you idiot!
Fry ... Hubert Farnsworth.
Farnsworth: Oh, uh, what? I'm awake, I'm awake!
Bender: Fry! Stop doing the right thing, you jerk!
Leela: Let Mom buy the company! We all wanna be filthy, stinking rich!
Zoidberg: Trust me, two out of three doesn't cut it!
Fry: You mean you'd rather be rich than work together?
Leela: Hell, yeah!
Fry: In my whole life, this company was the only place I'd ever really felt at home. If being millionaires is more important to you than our--
Bender: It is!
Fry: Friendship, then I'll sell Planet Express, for you.
Hattie: "Millionaires" nothing! The stock's only worth three kajiggers!
Bender: Oh, come on!
Hermes: My Jah! It's worth less now than when it was worthless!
Fry: It is? Yahoo! We're poor no matter what I do! The deal is off!
Zoidberg Why? Why?
Fry: Look, so we're not millionaires. At least we all still get to work together.
Bender: Shut your fat mouth!
Fry: See you guys Monday!
Morbo: Welcome back. Our next guest has been teaching the world to cook for over 20 years. But apparently my, uh, wife hasn't been listening.
Linda: Oh, funny!
Morbo So, uh, Elzar, what will you be cooking for Morbo to devour with his mighty jaws?
Elzar: Morbo, I'm gonna whip you up a nice, unnameable horror from beyond, with mango chutney.
Morbo: Pathetic humans, prepare to write down the recipe!
Fry: Hey, uh, what's with all the pots and pans? You building a wife?
Bender: Part of one. Meantime, I'm cooking up a tasty Sunday brunch for my best friends.
Fry the others!
Bender: Okey-dokey!
Hermes: Ooh!
Leela: Nice!
Farnsworth: Yes, it's a perfect scale model of the universe's largest bottle. I put a tiny spaceship inside to keep it from being boring.
Zoidberg: Oh!
Farnsworth For the last time, Zoidberg, look with your eyes, not with your claws.
Fry: Brace yourselves. Bender is making us brunch.
Zoidberg: Oh, boy!
Farnsworth: Oh, God! My tract!
Fry: He's so proud of his awful cooking. If we don't eat it he'll be crushed.
Leela: Alright, don't panic. If we can get to the ship, we can fly north and hide under the polar icecaps for a few weeks.
Fry: Hurry!
Farnsworth: Good idea!
Zoidberg: What's the hold-up?
Bender: Fleeing somewhere?
Fry: With you blocking the only escape route? Don't be silly.
Bender: In that case brunch is served! Let's go! Move it out! Stop crying, Leela!
Farnsworth: Zoidberg, are you coming?
Zoidberg: Sure. Me.
Farnsworth: Because I don't want you touching that thing.
Zoidberg Ow! What? Oh!
Bender Come on! Eat! I slaved all day over a filthy stove.
Hermes: This is terrible!
Farnsworth: Good thing I secretly installed this wormhole in the table.
Amy: Where does the other end come out?
Farnsworth Oh, dear me!
Bender: The pie is ready. You guys like swarms of things, right?
Zoidberg Ow! Ouch! Get off of me! Stop!
Leela: How interesting, Dr. Zoidberg. Do go on.
Bender: Hey, check out the palm tree! It only gets sick when I cook brunch! How's that for a coincidence, Professor? With all your precious science!
Fry: Man, I don't wanna hurt Bender's feelings...
Fry: But this food actually tastes better as vomit!
Leela: It's unbearable! How much do you think it would cost to get my tongue removed?
Bender: And this time I mean it.
Bender Then it's settled! Elzar will teach me to cook!
Elzar: Absolutely not.
Bender: But I watch your show. You owe me!
Elzar: I owe you nothing! For starter's, your antenna's in my crotch. Also, I hate you. Finally, you can't cook for squat.
Bender: What was the first one again?
Elzar: I hate you.
Bender: I thought that was number two.
Elzar: I knocked it up a notch. Bam!
Zoidberg Frame someone!
Fry: What up?
Fry Sunshine!
Bender: It's over! My dream of being a chef is deader than the cat I'm sitting on!
Dandy Jim, old chum, let's give a friendly welcome to this new robo.
Bender: What did you call me?
Gus: A robo. You know? A robot-hobo.
Bender: Oh, OK. I thought you said "romo".
Dandy Jim: No offence intended, my filthy friend. In fact, why not join us and ride the space rails?
Gus: Get ready. We's gonna jump off at that switching prism up ahead.
Dandy Jim: We're going nearly the speed of light so, uh, roll when you land.
Bender: Ow.
Gus: Welcome to Bumbase Alpha, the biggest hobo jungle in the quadrant.
Bender Wait. A pie with hobo-lifting aroma? Who baked it?
Gus: Helmut Spargle. He used to be the greatest chef ever.
Dandy Jim: His restaurant was so high-toned, the only way to get reservations was to create a parallel universe where you already had reservations.
Gus: Yep. I once ate there back when I what was a senator.
Bender: Yo, Spargle. If you're such a great cook, how'd you end up in this dump?
Spargle: Ages ago I was the host of a TV show...
Spargle soda company that sponsored the show decided it was too old-fashioned.
Man cooking show viewer.
Spargle: Elzar!
Elzar: Get lost, old man! Bam!
Spargle: Mein soufflé!
Spargle: Elzar had been seduced by the dark side of cooking. Cilantro, mango salsa, raspberry vinaigrette!
Bender: That twizzler!
Spargle: As for me, I went temporarily insane and vound up here, making pies out of shoes.
Bender: My story's a lot like yours only more interesting 'cause it involves robots. That jerk Elzar ruined my dream of being a chef too.
Spargle: Interesting. You wish to become a cook, but as a robot you have no sense of taste.
Bender: It's so unfair! I have eight other senses, but I'd trade them all, even smission, to be able to taste.
Spargle: You don't understand. Without the distraction of taste, your mind is free to touch the Zen of pure flavour. You could become the greatest chef ever.
Bender: I could?
Spargle: Yes. Just as Beethoven was a great composer because he was deaf.
Bender: Or like how Rembrandt was blind and had wooden hands.
Spargle: Bender, hear me well. I shall train you. But first, you must forget everything you know about cooking.
Bender: Done.
Farnsworth: That's right, Ricardo. A ship in a bottle! What's that? Well hang on, I'll look.
Ricardo?
Farnsworth: I've gathered you all here in the accusing parlour because one of you is a miniature ship wrecker.
Zoidberg: I'm acting astonished.
Farnsworth: Certain clues suggest that the culprit is none other than our own ... Philip J. Fry!
Fry: What?
Farnsworth confession note.
Zoidberg: Fry, you scoundrel!
Fry: Well, I don't remember any of that but I don't have the wherewithal to defend myself.
Farnsworth: Then I have no choice but to charge you the full cost of the materials: $10.
Fry: There you go.
Zoidberg?
Spargle of perfect flavour.
Gus: Ooh, yeah!
Bender: Slop's on!
Gus: Fine lookin' eats!
Spargle: It is ... acceptable.
Bender: Yahoo! Another thing I'm great at! Wait. Why'd you stop eating, master?
Spargle: Because ... my stomach is about to explode.
Bender: What? My dinner killed you? Oh, man!
Spargle And using this, you cannot fail.
Bender: A diamond vial of Mrs. Dash?
Spargle Oh! There goes my ... life.
Bender: I'll avenge you, master. I swear, in the presence of these drunken bums, that I shall defeat Elzar!
Gus: Oh, I'm not drunk, I'm mentally ill. But I likes what what you said!
Bender: Elzar, I'm a walking pile of your unfinished business!
Elzar: Why, you--
Bender "Ooh, I'm dead!"
Elzar: Spargle, huh? What he do, bland himself to death?
Bender: No. He was eating some food I made and by a crazy coincidence his stomach exploded. Now I'm here to avenge him.
Elzar: OK, but it seems like you're the one who killed him.
Bender are his sworn enemy. I challenge you to a battle of the chefs.
Customer: Scandalous!
Elzar: Very well. We'll meet on the ancient televised battleground of Kitchen Coliseum. Whosever meal is best will claim the title of Iron Cook.
Bender You're going down! Uh, also I had a reservation for one, under "Dr. Bender".
Hiroki No robot chef has ever competed here but today one has barged his way in to challenge for the title of...
Koji: Iron Cookuru!
Fry: Yeah! You show 'em!
Hiroki: Let's meet today's celebrity judges: Captain of the Harlem Globetrotters, Ethan Bubblegum Tate.
Tate, brother!
Hiroki: TV anchor-monster, Morbo.
Morbo: Greetings, pathetic host.
Hiroki: And a woman who ended a thousand-year galactic war with her apple dandies, Martha Stewart's head.
Stewart: The secret is fresh pork.
Hiroki: And now, Chairman Koji will present the theme ingredient to be used in every dish today.
Bender: If it's chicken, chicken c la king; if it's fish, fish à la king; if it's turkey, fish à la king.
Koji: Soylent Greuu!
Hiroki Aki, what's Elzar making?
Aki: Well, Hiroki-san, when I asked him, he asked what business it was of mine and conjectured that my mother was a prostitute.
Stewart: In the English countryside many prostitutes decorate their rooms with festive gourds.
Female Announcer: 30 minutes to go.
Hiroki: Look at Bender roll that dough!
Tate: I've never seen such confident, powerful strokes of the ass!
Stewart: You've never seen mine!
Tate: No, I haven't!
Female Announcer: Fifteen minutes remaining.
Hiroki: The iron cook is bringing in his signature creation, a working pastry replica of downtown Venice.
Man: Commemorative turkey basters. Get your commemorative turkey basters.
Fry Oh, right. Never mind.
Zoidberg: Oh, the guilt! The unbearable guilt!
Female Announcer: Fifteen seconds.
Elzar: Bam!
Female Announcer: Ten seconds.
Bender: Master Spargle, if you can hear me up there in that ditch where I left you, this is for you.
Koji: Time uperuu!
Hiroki: The iron cook Neptunian has gone all out to please the judges. He's even garnished the salad with $100 bills. Let's see what they think.
Tate: Mmm. Soylent green is my kind of people!
Morbo: Scrumptious. Morbo will store this in his sack for future digestion.
Stewart: I'm swimming in my own soylent waste. It's a good thing.
Hiroki: Next up, challenger Bender. A student of the legendary Helmut Spargle, Bender is some sort of wonderful mechanical man.
Stewart: Ooh, delicious!
Tate!
Morbo: The challenger's ugly food has shown us that even hideous things can be sweet on the inside.
Hiroki Whose confection will achieve perfection? Whose foodstuff will be the good stuff?
Koji: Challengeruu Benderuu!
Fry: Yay!
Farnsworth him!
Bender: You honour me, Chairman Koji.
Koji, Mr. Roboto.
Bender: Chairman-san, I came here with one goal: To humiliate Elzar in a large stadium. I believe I've done that.
Elzar: No question.
Bender: But the true Zen of flavour is not found in a coliseum. It is found in a small kitchen, with friends. That is why I decline the title of Iron Cook and accept only the lesser title of "Zinc Saucier", which I just made up. Also, it comes with double prize money.
Zoidberg Huh?
Koji: Oh! That sword cost 5000 dolluu!
Zoidberg: Fry did it!
Bender: And that's how I defeated Elzar, thanks to Spargle's magic liquid.
Leela: Yes, we were there. And we just finished watching it again on TV.
Farnsworth Good Lord! According to the spectrolizer, Spargle's magic ingredient was ... water. Ordinary water!
Hermes: No!
Fry: Ah, so the real gift Spargle gave you was confidence. The confidence to be your best.
Farnsworth: Yes, ordinary water. Laced with nothing more than a few spoonfuls of LSD.
Bender: The important thing is, by my standards, I won fair and square. Now, who wants brunch? Cooked with plenty of ... "confidence"?
Leela: I'm in!
Farnsworth: I do!
Amy.
Farnsworth: Indeed.
Amy: Any calls while I was out?
Leela: Yeah. You got a tele-sonic transmission from Kif a couple hours ago.
Amy Kif?
Kif: Ooh, Amy, you're back. Another hour and I would have thought about hanging up.
Amy: Why didn't you just leave a message, sweetie?
Kif: Well, um, I've left hundreds of messages with your answering machine but you never seem to get them.
Amy: Bender!
Bender Messages erased.
Kif When even an inch separates us, I quiver with misery. So you can imagine how I feel when it's a billion light years.
Amy: Kif, don't cry, or you'll get a tummy ache.
Zapp: Lieutenant, some things came off me and clogged the drain, so if you could-- Oh, ho! What's this?
Zapp: Well, well, well! Do my eyes believe me or is that my bosom-y swan, Leela?
Leela: Say again. You're breaking up!
Farnsworth: Good news, everyone! You'll be delivering pain medicine to the hive mind of Nigel 7.
Scruffy: Scruffy's rollin' out a large pill!
Amy: You're going to Nigel 7? Kif's on patrol near there. You could drop me off on the way.
Farnsworth If anyone needs me I'll be in the Angry Dome.
Leela: This is a very long trip. So we'll all have to go into hibernative-naptosis to save oxygen.
Bender: I don't even breathe oxygen!
Amy: Here I come, Kif!
Zapp Kif, I'm sensing a very sensual disturbance in the force. Prepare for ship-to-ship intimacy!
Kif: Yes, sir, captain!
Zapp: How 'bout I help you finish that dream you were having about me?
Leela: OK. I was just at this part: Yah!
Zapp: Uh, let's try that a little lower and a lot softer!
Kif a licensed starship! Oh, it's so romantic it gives me the shivers!
Amy: I don't care how much trouble I get in. I needed to feel my lips pressed against your lipless beak.
Kif: Oh, Amy, I can't stand having a whole universe between us. I've been thinking a lot about this and, well, would you move in with me?
Amy: Here? But, uh, wouldn't it be crowded?
Kif: No, no! It's really twice the size. You can use the floor and I'll have the ceiling. See?
Amy ... sure if I--
Kif: Hush! Before you answer, come thither.
Kif: This is the Holo-Shed. It can simulate anything you desire, and nothing can hurt you. Except when it malfunctions and the holograms become real.
Amy: Well, that probably won't happen this time.
Kif: I wanted to show you what life would be like if we were together. Computer: Run program "Kif 1".
Amy Spirit! Kif, that's the pony I always wanted but my parents said I had too many ponies already.
Kif: Yes, I programmed it in for you. 4 million lines of BASIC! And if this isn't the life you want, how 'bout this? Run program "Kif 2".
Amy: Oh, Kif!
Kif Run program "Kif://3".
Amy: This isn't bad. My aunt had a place like this.
Kif: Amy, we could live in a bus station bathroom for all I care. As long as we're together, it'll feel like a castle to me.
Amy What was that?
Kif: Oh, dear. I fear the Holo-Shed might be broken again. Well, as long as we don't cross paths with Attila the--
Amy: Look! Spirit!
Kif Lincoln!
Moriarty: Right-oh, gents, it's another simulation gone mad, so murder and mayhem, standard procedure!
Jack the Ripper: Rampage!
Evil Lincoln: Real holographic-simulated Evil Lincoln is back!
Kif: The Holo-Shed's on the fritz again! The characters turned real!
Zapp Get back into the Holo-Shed before I start blasting!
Attila the Hun: Stop! Don't shoot fire stick in space canoe! Cause explosive decompression!
Zapp: Spare me your space-age techno-babble, Attila the Hun!
Bender: Hey!
Amy: Kif! Hold on!
Kif: I totally want to!
Leela: Grab on!
Fry: Over here!
Kif: Please hold me!
Bender Oh, man!
Zapp: After all that I could use some relaxation. I'll be in the Holo-Shed.
McGee Oh, and Kif is pregnant.
Kif: Oh, joy!
Kif: Amy, isn't it wonderful? I'm pregnant!
Amy: Yes it's ... great. A great miracle.
Leela: And not one of those bogus everyday miracles like a sunrise. Aren't you a male?
Bender Come over here, Kif! You--
Zapp: Look, I'm sure we're all a little unclear on how anyone gets pregnant. So, Kif, pray explain. And don't spare the dirty words where appropriate.
Kif: Well, it's quite simple really. When one of my species experiences deep feelings of love we enter a so-called "receptive state".
Zapp: You disgust me! Go on.
Kif.
Bender: Well, OK. But that better be all there is!
Kif: Oh, Amy! You'll be a mother!
Kif: What a wondrous affirmation of our love. And all from the touch of your hand.
Fry: Dude, hold up. Remember when Zapp blew a hole in the ship?
Evil Lincoln: Indeed.
Fry: Kif touched everybody there. Couldn't any one of us be the mother?
Amy: Hey, yeah! I mean ... what about that, Kif?
Kif: Well, I suppose I might have gotten pregnant that way. Or even from a toilet seat. Though that's impossible since I have a private washroom.
Zapp.
Amy: Look, Kif, I probably am the mother. Although maybe I'm not. Of course, I hope I am. But just in case I'm not, maybe we should have a test.
Bender: A test! I demand a test!
Farnsworth When I pull this switch, the maternifuge will spin at 10,000 RPM, separating out everyone who isn't the mother-- Father-- Whatever!
Bender: Faster! Faster!
Farnsworth Nor is Captain Brannigan.
Kif: Oh, thank you, merciful God!
Farnsworth doing in there?
Zoidberg: That's where I live. I have no home.
Kif: Amy? But that means--
Kif: Leela must have impregnated me when she grabbed my ungloved hand. That explains the poster in hygiene class: "No Glove, No Love".
Leela: Wow, this is all so confusing.
Zapp Stop testing our love!
Kif: Please, Captain. I thank Leela for the DNA she gave me but, in my species, the true parent is the one who inspired the initial feeling of love. We call that person the "smizmar". And my smizmar is Amy.
Zapp: So the toilet seat is like the uncle or something?
Leela: Sorry I got your boyfriend pregnant.
Amy Might as well plan for my new life while I'm at it. Set "Motherhood Mode".
Leela: To motherhood.
Bender: Zoidberg?
Fry: You know, my face was stuck in a pizza.
Amy: Mom, Dad, I know this is weird but--
Mrs. Wong: Yeah, yeah. We don't care how squishy alien get pregnant. All we care is that we have grandchild now.
Kif: You're very open-minded, Mrs. Wong.
Mr. Wong: Hey! You call her "Grandma" now!
Mrs. Wong: Call me Grandma like crazy! All the time!
Fry: Check it out, y'all. Everyone we invited is here.
Zoidberg: Also Zoidberg!
Fry: So let's open the gifts.
Bender: Alright!
Kif: I can't wait! Let's start with this one, from Bender.
Bender: It's my booties from when I was a kid.
Amy: Uh, they're already bronzed.
Bender bronze.
Kif: And this one's from Leela. Oh, I just love the bow! I wonder what it is!
Zapp got you.
Kif: It's a basket! F-For picnics?
Leela: It means a lot to me. It's the basket my parents left me in at the orphanarium.
Hermes: You could use it for picnics.
Mrs. Wong: Here, Amy. We get this one for you.
Amy: Is it a new party board?
Mrs. Wong: It's a board alright! An ironing board.
Mr. Wong: We had your old party board converted now that you not be partying anymore.
Amy: You-You trashed my party board?
Mrs. Wong: Damn right! Now you're a mom, the only surfing you do is under a big wave of responsibility.
Kif: Oh, this is the happiest moment of my life! You all brought such wonderful gifts. But the greatest gift--
Bender: Mine!
Kif Even now, I can sense it feeding, squirming, searching, questing. And shortly, it will rend my loins in twain, burst forth and pull us down, down, down into the deep, dark waters of commitment.
Zoidberg: That's so beautiful!
Amy No! I can't do this!
Bender: Oh, my God!
Kif The quickening! My time is near. I must return to my homeworld to perform the ancient birthing rites.
Scruffy: Lemme know how that turns out.
Kif: I must now embark on a perilous journey to give birth in precisely the same swamp in which I was born.
Leela: If it's so dangerous, I'd better go with you. A gal has to protect her DNA.
Kif: No, Leela. Tradition demands that I make this journey with my smizmar. And since Amy isn't, here I must go it alone. Farewell, for we may never meet again.
Kif: My scrapes feel a little better now.
Bender: Hey, what's this fat ugly thing? A frog? A toad? Or your momma!
Kif: It's a poisonous froad! No one move.
Bender: I'm back, baby!
Kif: Behold! The sacred ancestral birthing grounds of my family.
Zapp: Smells like a jockstrap!
Grand Midwife: I am the Grand Midwife.
Fry: Hi!
Kif: I am Kif, of the clan Kroker, come to bear my young.
Grand Midwife As it is writ, "and both shall lift the jug together". Where is your smizmar?
Kif: She's not with me.
Grand Midwife: Oh, the sorrow. Oh, the shame. I'm sorry, I'm probably just making you feel worse.
Kif Apparently Amy hasn't been working out much lately.
Grand Midwife Oh, right, sorry. But I memorised the ceremony by rote and it mentions her a lot.
Kif: I'll try to endure.
Grand Midwife: Good, 'cause I'm not changing it. Now turn ye to and gaze deeply into each other's eyes.
Bender: What are you looking at?
Grand Midwife The Tea of New Life is ready. Let those whose love created this life speak each other's names, then drink.
Kif: Amy.
Amy: Kif!
Kif: Amy! Is it you or have I gone crazy with loneliness?
Bender: Both.
Amy: I still don't know if I'm ready for this but I do know I love you. And I wanna be here beside you.
Grand Midwife: Great! Now I lost my place! I'm starting over!
Kif Oh, my!
Bender: Neat!
Amy: You can do it, Kif!
Kif: Whoa, Nellie!
Bender: Oh, man!
Kif: Amy, my love, tell me: Are they making it to the water?
Leela: Amy!
Amy: Shoo! Stay away from my babies!
Grand Midwife: The birthing is complete!
Bender: Alright!
Kif: Oh, thank goodness!
Grand Midwife: I will now take my leave. I live here so I won't actually be going anywhere, but you don't have to talk to me anymore.
Fry: Congratulations!
Zapp: Nice work!
Bender: Way to go, squishy!
Leela: There goes my DNA. What a disgusting and beautiful process.
Fry: That's birth for you.
Kif: Well, we've given them a great start, Amy. And in 20 years they'll sprout legs and crawl back onto land as children.
Amy: I'll be ready then.
Farnsworth: Good news, everyone! You all know the orphanarium where Leela grew up?
Fry: Sure. We talk about it all the time.
Leela: Really?
Fry!
Farnsworth: Well done, fellows! Anyway, said orphanarium has named Leela "Orphan of the Year".
Amy: Yee-ha!
Bender: Alright!
Amy: Your parents must be so proud. Oops! Sorry.
Farnsworth: And the good news keeps on coming. Behold my latest invention.
Bender: Neat!
Farnsworth: Ta-da! It's a glow-in-the-dark nose you can wear over your regular non-glowing nose. Observe.
Amy: Whoa, clool!
Bender: Now I can punch you in the nose in the dark.
Bender: Where'd it go?
Amy: Hey, Professor, what's all this scloop, glorking out of the machine?
Farnsworth: That? It's, uh ... nothing. Yes, nothing. If you think it's anything, you're a suspicious moron.
Hermes And it smells like toxic waste.
Fry: What does it taste like?
Hermes: Delicious fig pudding! Ooh, that's good! But a distinct aftertaste of toxic waste.
Farnsworth: Alright, alright, so the machine produces a few toxic by-products! You don't have to make a federal case out of it.
Hermes I order you dispose of that toxic waste properly or bribe me. Either way it'll cost $500.
Bender: 500 real dollars? That's an outrage! Professor, I'll take care of that waste for $499 and 100 cents.
Farnsworth: Hmm, I know that's a rip but I'll pay for the convenience. Do you take credit cards?
Bender: Let's find out.
Bender: Alright, environment, you've met your match!
Smitty: Hey, get back in the sewer, weird-y. No mutants on the surface.
Vyolet: But he ruined my wedding dress.
Bender: Honey, that thing was ruined the minute it went on you. That's what I'm talkin' 'bout.
Vogel I'll never forget the night that cute little alien baby was abandoned on our doorstep. Because I have a photographic memory and I remember every night!
Vogel Well, come on in.
Vogel: From those humble beginnings, Leela went on to become a county-certified starship captain. And so it is my pleasure today to nail her picture alongside those of our most distinguished alumni.
Leela: Thank you very much. Like many of you, I never knew my parents...
Vogel: Give me a--
Leela: I don't know if they were mighty alien overlords or simply underpaid alien janitors who fought crime on the side--
Vogel: There we are. Picture's up.
Bender: It's crooked!
Leela: In the end though, it doesn't matter who my parents were. All that matters is what I learned here, within these unscalable walls, that I have strength to make it on my own, just like all of you kids here today.
Kids: Leela! Leela! Leela!
Nina: Look at me! I'm Leela!
Albert Leela!
Vogel: That's it, Albert, no more espresso for you.
Photographer: Mind if I get a picture of you with your picture for the news, ma'am?
Leela: Yes! I mean no! Just make sure you get my nonchalant side!
Fry: If those aren't tears of happiness, please stop crying.
Leela: It's OK, Fry. I'm fine. I won an award today.
Fry: Is it this room that's making you sad? It's probably the room. Come on, let's go for a walk.
Leela: I'm sorry you saw that, Fry. I usually try to keep my sadness pent up inside where it can fester quietly as a mental illness.
Fry: Yeah, I do that with my stupidness.
Leela: I told a whole crowd today that being an orphan made me strong. But all I really wanted was a mom and dad, to hold me and stroke my hair and tell me they loved me.
Fry: Then today's your lucky day, because I happen to be a holding, stroking, lovin' machine! Also spankin'.
Leela: That's not even close to what I had in mind.
Fry: Well, anyway, just remember that people care about you.
Leela Sometimes, when I'm lonely, I look up at the sky and I get this feeling that somewhere, on some unknown planet, circling a distant star, my parents are up there, looking down on me.
Fry! What up?
Bender.
Leela: Bender! Cut it out! First of all, the sewer mutants will be mad. Second, everything else that's horribly wrong with what you're doing!
Bender: Ah, those stupid mutants can't do anything. You seem to be forgetting one simple fact. Namely, I'm up here and they are safely down--
Bender: What did I do to deserve this?
Dwayne: Behold, our once beautiful mutagenic sewage lake.
Vyolet: The radioactive waste you dumped in it has made it bright enough to see how ugly we really are.
Dwayne: Oh, man!
Raoul: As if our lives weren't miserable enough already!
Leg Mutant: Tell me about it!
Raoul: Let the punishment commence!
Leela: Punishment?
Fry: No fair!
Bender: Bender's innocent!
Raoul Allow me to demonstrate!
Fry: It's like that time I peeked in the kitchen at Imperial Hunan.
Raoul: Submerge the prisoners.
Bender: Wait. I don't even have DNA. Why am I screaming?
Dwayne: We're gonna beat you afterwards.
Mutants: Mutate! Mutate! Mutate! ...
Hooded Figure #1: Turanga Leela!
Leela: Who said that? How do you know my real name?
Bender: Whee!
Raoul: What are you doing? Stop it!
Fry: What happened?
Leela: I don't know. I think I saved us somehow.
Raoul: Go after them! The waters can't mutate us mutants!
Raoul: They went this way!
Bender: Quick! In there!
Dwayne: Kill! Kill! Kill!
Leela: Great Cheech's ghost!
Bender: What's this junk?
Leela: It looks like ... a timeline of my whole life.
Fry: That's when we saved Earth from a giant asteroid of garbage.
Leela: And here's when I dropped out and bummed around India for a while.
Bender: And this is just last year at Space Mardi Gras.
Leela: It's like some kind of weird Leela museum ... and I'm the Leela!
Fry: Dude! Over here!
Leela: It's all the best stuff I ever flushed down the toilet! Those are some of my diary pages. And my screenplay!
Fry: And also, for some reason, the letter I wrote you full of my personal feelings.
Leela My whole life has just been a show for some perverted mutant!
Vyolet: They must be in here.
Raoul: Yeah, after them.
Bender: And then Bender ran!
Fry: Leela, freak out later. We're not done escaping yet!
Dwayne: Got you!
Leg Mutant: Take this!
Fry: Ow!
Raoul: This time I'm calling for the death penalty. And not just because I'm running for re-election as Supreme Mutant.
Mutants: Four more years! Four more years!
Raoul Your attention. Instead of being tortured to death, the prisoners shall hereby be expelled from the sewers and never allowed to return.
Bender: Oh, cruel fate! Can we really never return to this dank pit of sewage?
Leela: Wait a minute. Why aren't you gonna kill us anymore?
Bender: Yeah! What are you chicken?
Fry: Shut up, you two! We can kill ourselves when we get home!
Raoul: They'll need transportation to the surface. Bring in the airship.
Bender: Ew!
Raoul: We constructed it from the remnants of old discarded Macy's parade balloons. Underdog's groin, Bart Simpson's left ear and right shin, Garfield's owner Jon's forehead.
Mutant #1: Fire up the sewer gas!
Mutant #2: Move it, you ugly normals!
Bender: Uh, I'm gettin' dizzy! I can't walk straight!
Fry: Come on, Leela. You can do it!
Bender: Hurry! We're missing our bus!
Fry: Whoa! What are you doing?
Bender: I'm gettin' on the bus!
Leela The lake didn't mutate me. What is going on here?
Octopus: It worked for me. I used to be a little blonde girl named Virginia.
Leela Who the hell are you?
Hooded Figure #1: No one. And watch your language, young lady!
Mutant #2 I didn't want you to hurt me either!
Fry: Leela's going nuts and I can't save her unless I learn more about her mysterious past. Isn't there anything else you can tell me?
Vogel: Nah. Nothing that wouldn't be a waste of your time.
Fry: That's impossible because my time is worthless!
Vogel It's the note I found with Leela the day she was abandoned. But it's written in Alienese, so no one on Earth can translate it. Not even Brainzilla.
Fry: Hand it over.
Vogel I just wish I could be more helpful. Would you like some dirt on any other orphans?
Fry: Look, I'm trying to save someone here. I'll have to come back for those later.
Fry: Can you translate it?
Farnsworth: Of course. But only into Beta Crypt 3, a language so complex there's even less chance of understanding it.
Fry: I didn't ask for a completely reasonable excuse. I asked you to get busy.
Farnsworth: Very well.
Fry: Isn't that the same machine that makes noses?
Farnsworth Of course, even if it is possible to analyse the message, there's no way of knowing how long it would take. It could take an hour or it could take a hundred million years.
Fry: Is it done?
Farnsworth But not like that. Slightly more rapid.
Leela: Where did they go?
Bender: Good news, Leela. I landed the contract to empty all the spittoons in Little Italy.
Leela: Ew!
Farnsworth I can't believe it! My mind is boggling. The analysis of the note is printing out now.
Doctor: It's a girl.
Mother: My God! She's beautiful. No extra anythings.
Father: Good people skills!
Mother: She's completely perfect!
Doctor: In my professional opinion as an ear, ear, ear, nose and throat doctor, she is the least-mutated mutant ever born.
Father: And yet she's cursed to live the horrible degrading life of a mutant. Like all of us. Especially him!
Leg Mutant: It's true!
Mother: Maybe we can do better for her.
Father: I made this bracelet so that in some small way we'll always be with you, even when it doesn't seem like it. During your entire life, for example.
Mother And that'll be enough to give you a real life.
Father: She'll never know we're her parents.
Mother: That's our gift to her. Better we should die than have her learn the shameful truth of her origin.
Father: I'm with you.
Vogel Well, come on in.
Hooded Figure #1: Keep quiet so she doesn't hear us.
Hooded Figure #2: What's there to talk about?
Hooded Figure #1: Sh!
Leela Tentacles too!
Hooded Figure #1: Don't say anything stupid, Morris.
Leela? Do you believe I'm you Messiah? Your Mutant Dalai Lama? Stop me if I guess it!
Hooded Figure #2: Well, actually, there--
Hooded Figure #1: Morris! Sh!
Leela How did you get this bracelet? Did you steal it from me when I was a baby? Or from my parents? You robbed my parents, didn't you? I bet you sick mutants killed them. My parents were confused aliens lost on Earth and you killed them! Is that it? Admit it!
Hooded Figure #2: Yes. We killed them.
Hooded Figure #1: You guessed the truth.
Leela: Because of you I'll never know my parents. I'll kill you!
Hooded Figure #1: That would be best.
Fry Thanks, Bender! Don't do it, Leela!
Leela: They killed my parents!
Fry: Close.
Leela my parents.
Munda: Yes.
Fry: I had the Professor analyse the Alienese letter that was found with you.
Leela: What does it say?
Fry: I 'unno. But the analysis showed it was printed on recycled toilet paper. A squeezably soft paper used mainly in the sewers.
Munda: It says, "Your parents love you very much".
Morris: We still do.
Leela: So, I'm not an alien? I'm a mutant.
Morris: We never wanted you to know. You deserved a better life.
Munda: You must despise us.
Leela This is the happiest moment of my life.
Bender: Aw!
Bender: You are one narrow minded spaceship, Planet Express Ship.
Ship pay for art I find offensive?
Bender: Would you censor the Venus de Venus just because you can see her spewers?
Ship: Oh, it's filthy! Why not create a national endowment for strip clubs while we're at it?
Bender: Why not, indeed?
Leela: Bender! Ship! Stop bickering or I'm gonna come back there and change your opinions manually.
Bender: Fine! I'll be in my quarters appreciating controversial artworks.
Ship!
Bender: Ah, that Ship is so white bread!
Hermes: People, it's Valentine's Day next week, so your beloved company has gotten you all new uniforms.
Amy: Clool!
Zoidberg: Clothing, delicious clothing!
Farnsworth: We'll need to look our best if we're to get the account of our new potential customer, Romanticorp.
Amy: Romanticorp? Are they a corporation that makes romantic stuff?
Hermes: Very good, Amy!
Farnsworth: Everyone suit up. We're off to the most romantic city on Earth!
Farnsworth: Remember, we've got to show these people we're not bitter husks of human beings who long ago abandoned hope of finding love in this lifetime. Leela, you'll have to do some acting.
Leela: Check!
Sheldon I'm Sheldon, and this is my chief financial officer, Gwen.
Gwen: For 30 years we've shared the adventure of managing Romanticorp.
Sheldon: Not to mention the adventure of marriage.
Leela Ow! I mean, "Aww dat's show shweet!"
Farnsworth: You know, romance is an important part of our work too. Uh, right, everyone?
Leela: Yeah, sure.
Bender: Oh, sure.
Sheldon: Do any of you collect Lovey Bears?
Amy: I do! Kif's given me dozens. Is it true what the ad says? That you kiss them together out of blanket cloth and magic buttons?
Gwen: No.
Sheldon They frolic in the Lovey Forest until their first birthday. Then we choose the cuddly-uddliest ones and stuff them full of fire-retardant love fluff!
Amy: So cute!
Gwen: Knowing which pickup lines fizzle and which ones sizzle keeps us on the cutting edge of flirtation technology.
Frame #1: Is heaven missing an angel? 'Cause you've got nice cans!
Frame #2: My two favourite things are commitment and changing myself.
Leela: Does that dummy have a brother?
Sheldon: And now, friends and lovers, we come to the heart of our operation. Pun definitely intended!
Hermes: Impressive!
Gwen: My family has been making these hearts since the 1900s. Tastes may have changed but our secret recipe sure hasn't.
Fry: Whoa! Letters like "U" and "R" can mean words like "You" and "Are". Here, Leela, "U-R-2 Cute".
Leela: Perhaps. What's your point?
Fry: I've never been able to put into words how I feel about you. But somewhere among these trillions of hearts, those words must already exist. And I'm gonna find them.
Farnsworth: So, do we have the contract?
Farnsworth: With that big new Romanticorp contract, I've been able to make those government-mandated upgrades you've all been suing me about.
Leela: Ooh, look! You taped up the cracks in the dark matter reactor.
Fry: And you got a cage for the lion!
Bender: Hey, who's been messing with the radio? This isn't alternative rock, it's college rock!
Farnsworth: Oh, it must have been the ship's new improved personality software I installed.
Ship: Yeah, it was me. It's a cute song.
Bender: Listen, Ship! No one changes my stations! I hope you have a good mechanic!
Farnsworth: It even comes with an adjustable voice.
Ship Remember, Bender? That was the deal.
Bender: What? Did you just say--
Ship Oh, gosh! That came out all wrong!
Bender: Too late, baby, you said it! So, what'll it be? My place ... or you?
Fry "I Love You." Hmm, too conventional. "You're My Man." Ooh, so close!
Leela: I'm not impressed by a guy's message, Fry, I'm impressed by the guy. Or not.
Fry: Whoa!
Leela: What was that?
Fry: Maybe we hit a space cow.
Bender: Coochie, coochie!
Ship: Stop it! You're mussing up my trajectory!
Bender: You know you love it, sugar-engine!
Ship: No!
Leela Planet Express Ship! Cover your shame.
Ship: It's not what it looks like. Uh, Bender was just helping me ... zip up my turbine.
Fry but-- How can you date a ship anyway? It'd be like me dating a really fat lady. And living inside her. And she'd be all like--
Bender: Fry, in order for me to get busy at maximum efficiency, I need a girl with a big 400-ton booty.
Leela: Bender, dating your co-worker and primary mode of transportation is immoral, illogical and a violation of interstellar shipping statute 437-B.
Bender: That's what makes it so nasty!
Leela: Still, given the chance, I'd give in to urges far more shocking.
Bender
Give me your answer do,
Bender
It won't be a stylish marriage,
Bender: I can't afford a carriage,
Bender
Of a bicycle built for two.
Bender: Well, I'm sick of her.
Fry: The ship? But you just started dating.
Bender: With my mighty robot powers, I can get sick of things much quicker than you humans.
Leela: Well just remember we all still have to work together. So try and let her down easy.
Bender: In due time, Leela. But for now I'll just resume dating cheap floozies on the side.
Fry: You have much to teach us.
Leela: Doesn't it bother you even a little to be taking advantage of your girlfriend's trust?
Bender: Oh, wait, you're serious. Let me laugh even harder.
Fembot #1: What's it like being a lawyer for the Mayor's office and also the world's strongest millionaire?
Bender: Well, baby, for starters you need to be honest all the time!
Elzar: Good evening, Bender. And to your lady friends may I say, "Bam"!
Fembot #2: You know Elzar?
Ship: Hm.
Fry Planet Express Ship? Is that you?
Ship: Oh. Hi, Fry. Is Bender home?
Fry: Uh, no. Um, I think he's at his parents'.
Ship: Oh, I see. He didn't fly there in another spaceship did he?
Fry? No! He's an old-fashioned one-spaceship robot. Look, I'll tell him you stopped by, K?
Ship Oh. Hi, Fry. Is he home now?
Ship: Of all the zoos we've been to today, I like this one the best. Bender, which is your favourite nocturnal rat?
Bender: Eh, they're all pretty unimpressive.
Ship It says here the babies lose their pyjama-like coat after their first year. Isn't that interesting, honey?
Bender: Yep. Mind-numbingly interesting. Ooh!
Ship: Bender! Are you looking at other women?
Bender: No, baby, never!
Ship: Bender, don't lie! I saw you at Elzar's with those two ladies of the evening. Explain that!
Bender Ah, I got it! I'm going to be completely honest with you, Planet Express Ship. Those women you saw me with ... were my accountants.
Ship: Your accountants? Oh, I would dearly love to believe that were true. So I do.
Bender: Phew!
Ship: I'm gonna go home and get dinner started.
Liu: Who are you talking to?
Bender: No one, baby! Lucy Liu is the only girl for Bender.
Liu: I love you--
Leela: Planet Express Ship, is something wrong?
Ship Do you think he's going to ask me to marry him?
Leela: Uh, no.
Ship: Oh, somebody knows something she's not telling!
Leela: Look, I'm not saying Bender's not great but have you ever considered that maybe he's, y'know, not that great?
Ship: You're just jealous. No one loves you cause you're tiny and you're made of meat.
Leela: Could you maybe pay a little more attention to these asteroids?
Ship!
Lrrr: This is ancient Earth's most foolish program. Why does Ross, the largest friend, not simply eat the other five?
Nd-Nd: Perhaps they are saving that for sweeps.
Guard: Exalted leaders, the Earth messengers have arrived bearing a peace offering from their weak and fearful government.
Lrrr I am Lrrr of the planet Omicron Persei 8.
Leela much!
Lrrr: These candies are choky and unpleasant!
Nd-Nd: And what is this emotion you humans call "wuv"?
Lrrr: Surely it says "love"?
Nd-Nd: No, "wuv". With an Earth "W". Behold!
Lrrr: This concept of "wuv" confuses and infuriates us!
Fry: Incoming torpedoes. Shields at maximum yarnell!
Leela: Steady, Planet Express Ship. Focus on diverting all power to the scramjets.
Bender: Uh, look, Planet Express Ship, this might not be the best time, but, well, I really like you and whatever, but, I think we should just be friends.
Ship: Nooo!
Bender: So we're cool?
Leela: Well, it was a spectacular battle but there doesn't seem to be any permanent damage.
Ship: No damage? What about my feelings?
Leela: Aw, calm down. I'm sure Bender is taking this just as hard as you are.
Bender: Bender is great, oh, Bender is great. Bender, Bender, Bender!
Fry: You could've have picked a better time to dump the ship, Bender!
Bender: Ah, the moment seemed right. Call me old-fashioned but I like a dump to be as memorable as it is devastating.
Leela: I know. I know. Look, Ship, if there's one thing I learned from my mutual break-up with Sean that was totally mutual, it's that happiness can only come from within you.
Ship within me! There must be some way to make him love me again.
Leela: Trust me. You can't change men anymore than you can change the laws of time and space.
Ship I may not be able to change the laws of time and space, but I know something that can.
Leela: Um, sweetie? You see that giant quasar we're heading into? You might wanna scooch a few parsecs to the left.
Ship: I'm afraid I can't do that, Leela.
Fry: What's happening? Space cow?
Leela She's nuts!
Ship: In a few moments, the power of 10 billion black holes will smush me and Bender together into a beautiful eternal quantum singularity.
Bender: Uh, you don't need to kill us, Planet Express Ship ... because ... I love you. Oh, yeah, baby! I feel like doing stuff for you and stuff.
Ship: Hmm. I don't believe you. If you really wanted to be with me, you'd merge your programming with mine.
Bender: Whoa, whoa, whoa! Slow down! All my friends who've done that said that afterwards all the passion went out of their relationship.
Leela: Look, I don't know if you want my opinion--
Ship: Leela, Bender and I really need to be alone, so I'm turning off the oxygen.
Leela: Now look, missy! If you don't turn around now, I'm going to have to shut down your brain.
Ship: Fire detected in the vicinity of Leela.
Fry: Ha! That barely hurt Leela at all!
Ship: Maybe not. But what if the artificial gravity were to malfunction?
Bender: Float for your lives!
Leela: This is the one place she can't hear us. Everyone just pretend to shower.
Fry: Same as everyday, got it.
Leela: Now, here's the plan.
Ship: Oh, if only I could read lips.
Leela, Bender? You'll have to distract her. Merge your programming with hers while I shut down her brain.
Bender: It's too risky. I'm a very meek individual. If her personality engulfs mine, the Bender you know and worship could disappear forever!
Leela: I'm willing to take that risk.
Bender: Hey, pookums! Contrary to what I was saying earlier, melding minds with you would be extremely bearable.
Ship: You really mean it?
Bender Yes!
Bender: Huh? Tubes? You're older than you said you were!
Ship: Come closer, Bender. Let's become one!
Bender: I prefer two. That way we can still be a horse for Hallowe'en!
Leela I can't concentrate with this obnoxious candy in my face.
Fry: I'm on it. And maybe I'll find those magic words while I'm at it.
Leela: Fat chance.
Fry Ooh! How 'bout this one?
Leela: Give it up, Fry! I've got to pop these tops in a precise order.
Leela: Halfway there. The ship should be getting a bit less rational now.
Ship: Want ... engulf ... Bender!
Leela Hey! I won free admission to Six Flags! Just one more reason we must survive this.
Fry: Um, Leela?
Leela What was that?
Fry: Oh, nothing.
Ship: We're gonna love being each other, you sexy ion!
Bender: Nooo!
Leela: Last one!
Leela Happy Valentine's Day, Fry.
Fry: Happy Valentine's day.
Fry: Bender! Are you OK?
Bender: Aw, what crazy thing am I going to date next?
Leela: Well at least it sounds like you were able to keep your consciousness separate from hers.
Bender And that's why I love him!
Fry: Well, I guess we'd better clean up these millions of hearts.
Leela: Nah, I've got a lazier idea.
Zoidberg: As the candy hearts poured into the fiery quasar, a wondrous thing happened, why not. They vaporised into a mystical love radiation that spread across the universe, destroying many, many planets, including two gangster planets and a cowboy world. But one planet was at exactly the right distance to see the romantic rays, but not be destroyed by them: Earth. So all over the world, couples stood together in joy. And me, Zoidberg! And no one could have been happier unless it would have also been Valentine's Day. What? It was? Hooray!
SewerCom by SewerCom. Reach out and touch the sewers.
Munda: Look, Morris, it's Leela calling.
Leela: Hi, Mom. Hi, Dad. Ready for your big trip to the surface?
Morris: We're excited, honey, but we don't wanna embarrass you. I mean, your mother and I are basically monsters.
Leela mutant!
Munda And it was on sale!
Leela be ashamed of my parents. I'll see you this weekend.
Leela: Hey, guess who I just got off the videophone with?
Bender: No.
Leela: My parents! They're coming up from the sewers for a visit Sunday.
Amy: Are you off your rocket? Your parents are mutants. It's illegal for them to come above ground 'cause they're inferior genetic scum. Uh, present company excluded, of course.
Leela: I'm getting them a special one-day surface permit from Citihall.
Hermes: Ooh. While you're there, could you pick me up a licence to kill?
Leela: Sure. Bare hands or weapon?
Hermes: Uh, what does piano wire count as?
Farnsworth: Good news, anyone. The Swedish robot from Pi-kea is here with the super collider I ordered.
πkea Robot: Enjoy your affordable Swedish crap.
Fry Uh-huh. Alright, we're all set.
Bender: Nothing like the rustic wholesomeness of working with one's own hand.
Bender: Ah, there. Finished. And with only six missing pieces!
Fry: Those Swedes sure know how to put in almost everything you need.
Leela.
Fry: I feel like I was mauled by Jesus.
Zoidberg "Come one, come all," he said. "Step right up!" "This sounds too good to be true," I thought. He said I looked like a smart, young man. "So is it a deal?" I enquired. Two hours later he was gone, with 60 of my dollars. But I have the miracle cream--
Farnsworth: Bad news, nobody. The super collider super-exploded. I need you to take it back and exchange it for a wobbly CD rack and some of those rancid meatballs.
Man #1: Excuse me. hi! Do you have a minute? I live in Jersey City and my car broke down and I need to get back because my Aunt's real sick and she needs this medicine but I need money for the bus. So I'm mugging you. Hand over your wallets.
Leela: I don't believe that story for a second.
Man #1: It doesn't matter, I'm mugging you.
Fry: There's no bus to Jersey City.
Man #1: Give me your wallets now or my robot'll shoot.
Andrew: Don't make me hurt you.
Fry: I'm too scared to find my pocket. Here, I'll just take of my pants and give you those.
Man #1 What the-- Laser-proof shirts, huh? I'll show you.
Leela Hi-yah!
Man #1: Foiled. And after years of planning.
Andrew: You're outta the game!
Leela: How did we manage to survive? What gave us those strange powers?
Fry: Maybe we're all wearing magic rings but they're invisible rings so we don't even realise it. Also, you can't feel the rings.
Leela May cause superpowers in humans.
Fry: Wow! A superpowers drug you can just rub into your skin? You'd think it'd be something you have to freebase.
Leela: Let's see. Which powers do we have? Super-strength?
Fry: Yup.
Leela: Uh-huh. Lickety speed?
Fry: Check.
Leela Ability to command the loyalty of sea creatures?
Fry: Hey, Zoidberg, get in here!
Zoidberg: Screw you!
Leela: Ain't got that.
Fry: Nope!
Leela: Wow. Superpowers! I'll be able to pack my day with twice as many humdrum activities.
Fry: Leela, I think you're missing the big picture. When you were a kid, what was your biggest fantasy?
Leela: To have parents.
Fry we're Americans. This is our chance.
Leela: Hmm. I have been looking for a way to serve the community that incorporates my violence. Let's do it!
Fry: You'll barely regret this!
Bender: Hey, a friend of mine said he mugged you today and you had superpowers.
Leela: It's true. Thanks to this funky-fresh cream.
Fry: Now me and Leela are forming an awesome crime-fighting duo.
Bender I have these three costumes you could use. But I guess I'll just throw one away.
Leela: We'd love to have you on the team, Bender. But aren't you more on the supply side of crime?
Fry: Plus the cream won't give you superpowers. You're a robot.
Bender Also I got this going.
Leela: Listen up, New New York: There's a new group of superheroes in town! And we're--
Hattie: Quiet! It's 4am and I just fell asleep for the first time in 30 years!
Leela A new era of justice has begun.
Hattie: What?
Narrator: Attention, all crooks, lowlifes and lawbreakers. Do yourselves a favour and crawl back into your filthy tenements, you human cockroaches. Or get your ugly face punched to custard by ... The New Justice Team.
Fry: Captain Yesterday!
Leela: Clobberella!
Bender: And Superking! The best one of the three!
Fry: Wow!
Song: Go, go, go, New Justice Team,
Song
Team, team, team,
Song
The New Justice Team!
Song
Not just fast but from the past,
Song: Captain Yesterday!
Song
Superking, you rule!
Song
You!
Song: Clobberella!
Song
Until they run out of steam...
Song
Gives the power to the team,
Song
The New Justice Team!
Bender: Ta-da!
Woman: Captain Yesterday, I find your skintight high-waters incredibly sexy. Let's get together sometime.
Fry: Sure. I'm listed in the phone book so once I reveal my real name to you along with my home address and a copy of my birth certificate--
Leela: Are you crazy? We have to keep our secret identities secret.
Fry: From everybody?
Leela: Especially from everybody.
Fry: Give several reasons why.
Leela: For one, superheroes cause a lot of collateral damage, and we don't wanna get our butts sued.
Fry: Or do we? No, I guess not.
Leela: Also, if our identities get out, every crook in the city will be after us. Or, God forbid, our loved ones.
Bender How ya doin', kid?
Poopenmeyer: There you go. Two one-day mutant surface passes.
Leela: Thank you, Mayor Poopenmeyer.
Poopenmeyer Because I get to summon the New Justice Team!
Leela: Sh!
Poopenmeyer: Uh, they're usually here by now.
Leela: Well, so long. Keep in touch.
Poopenmeyer Is this clown on? Where are those daring crime stoppers?
Leela: Oh, I completely forgot. I left my apartment on fire!
Bender: Uh, as for me, I'm late for my LSAT's.
Fry: And I can't take life anymore.
Poopenmeyer We've received a tip that the Museum of Natural History will be robbed tomorrow at exactly 9am. The target: The priceless Quantum Gemerald.
Fry: Who's the perp?
Poopenmeyer: A dangerous villain known as The Zookeeper, who commits crimes aided by a pack of highly-trained animals.
Fry: Pack of highly. Got it!
Poopenmeyer: His crew includes a badger with a troubled past and nothing left to lose, an elephant who never forgets -- to kill! And a seldom-used crab named Lucky, a.k.a. Citizen Snips.
Leela: You can count on us, Mr. Mayor. Justice away!
Bender: Hold the elevator!
Bender: We're in here too.
Fry: Uh, Leela, how you gonna meet your folks tomorrow? We've already scheduled the Zookeeper for a 9am foiling at the museum.
Leela museum at 10.
Bender The name's Bender!
Leela There they are!
Munda: How could Leela not be here? Do you think she forgot?
Morris: Relax. I'm sure she's just ashamed of us.
Security Guard: Yo! Freakjobs! Hit the nearest manhole, pronto, like.
Morris: But we have passes that allow us to be up here. From the mayor himself.
Security Guard: I dunno. I never heard of no mayor.
Randy: The Zookeeper!
Zookeeper: Sorry I'm late. Long story. Now everybody hit the deck! I'm cutting the entire line and stealing the exhibit.
Leela: You're not stealing anything! Nobody hit the deck!
Zookeeper!
Fry: That was uncalled for.
Zookeeper: Animals, attack.
Tour Guide: Please do not feed the animals!
Bender: You're going down, my friend! Down Under!
Roosevelt Citizen Snips!
Zookeeper: Nice job, Fingers!
Munda: I'm scared and confused. I think we've wandered into an off-Broadway play.
Morris: No, there are way too many people here.
Zookeeper: Later, if anyone asks when I got away, tell them right now!
Leela: Forget it, Zookeeper! You're going into captivity.
Zookeeper behind bars would have been far more delicious. Here, catch!
Leela: No, Fry! You can't fall fast enough!
Bender I don't got it!
Roosevelt: You've saved the Gemerald!
Fry: Yet the Zookeeper escaped, thus proving that the deadliest animal of all is the Zookeeper.
Bender: You can get off me anytime.
Leela: Oh, no! My parents are leaving. I've gotta go change back into street-Leela.
Photographer #1: It's the New Justice Team!
Photographer #2: Can we get some photos?
Poopenmeyer: Thank you, mysterious heroes. The value of the Gemerald you saved is slightly greater than the cost of the damage you caused to this museum. A net gain for our great city!
Munda: It's good that Leela doesn't love us. She'll be less sad when we die.
Leela: Mom? Dad? I showed up! And I got the audio tour for Treasures of Liberace's Tomb.
Morris: Sweetie, it's OK. You don't have to apologise for standing us up on the only visit to the surface we'll ever have.
Leela: I wanna tell you why I didn't show up, but I can't. Just please believe me that it was a very good reason. I'm sorry I disappointed you.
Munda: Leela, you could never disappoint us.
Morris: We're so proud of everything that you are, and we always will be. Because you're our baby girl.
Leela: Oh, I can't take it! Mom, Dad, I'm Clobberella!
Morris: Galloping gators!
Munda Well that's wonderful! But did you have to make the costume so revealing?
Morris: Look at me! Proud dad of a superhero! We should print up T-shirts. And F-shirts for our friends with two arms on the same side.
Leela tell anyone under any circumstance.
Morris: What if I've had a few?
Leela: Dad, you drink? No. Not even then.
Morris: Alright. My sucker is sealed.
Leela It was brisk, I dressed in layers.
Munda: That's my girl!
Morris: So, uh, anyway, my daughter's Clobberella.
Raoul: Leela is Clobberella?
Leg Mutant: You're pulling me!
Morris: Sh. keep it under your sock. It's a big secret. That's why I'm only telling you two.
Big-Eared Mutant: Oh, my God! That guy's daughter is Clobberella. But don't tell anyone.
Big-Mouthed Mutant: Gotcha!
Zookeeper: Greetings, superheroes. Remember me?
Farnsworth: I don't remember much, buddy. And you're no looker!
Leela: Uh, Professor, isn't it time for your nap?
Farnsworth: Yes, damnit!
Leela: Zookeeper! How did you know our real identities?
Zookeeper: Let's just say a little bird told me.
Parrot: Leela told her parents. Leela's parents blabbed.
Fry: Leela, is the person that parrot is mimicking telling the truth by proxy?
Leela: Yes. My parents were so hurt, I couldn't help it! But I distinctly told them not to tell anyone.
Bender: We are not amused.
Zookeeper: And here's something you may or may not find interesting.
Leela: Mom! Dad!
Munda: Leela, please forgive us! Especially your father who's the one who told. Thank you very much, Morris.
Leela: Are you alright? Has he hurt you?
Morris Oh, God!
Munda: Every couch and table has animal fur all over it. He lets them climb on everything!
Leela: Alright, Zookeeper. What do you want?
Zookeeper to walk on dry land.
Munda: Save us, Leela! I mean, if you don't have anything better to do.
Leela: We're out of options. We have to steal the Gemerald!
Fry: But, should superheroes commit a crime, even to save lives? I need moral guidance. Bender?
Bender: Hmm. The thought of stealing anything fills Superking with disgust. But if it must be so, then let a museum heist be pulled!
Fry: Oh, no! Our superpower cream is out of itself!
Leela: Check inside the cap. There might be a caked-in goldmine.
Fry.
Bender zilcho? Is it too late to change my superhero name?
Leela: Just be cool. Nobody knows we're super-powerly challenged.
Fry: Man, this costume is so damn heavy!
7¹¹ Clerk: Hey, Captain Yesterday? Can I, like, wail on you with this 2-by-4 and it doesn't hurt you?
Fry: Ow! That ... didn't hurt.
Security Guard: Hi, superheroes. Everything OK?
Leela: Big O, little k, my friend! Just checking if everything's alright.
Security Guard: It's OK, alright!
Leela: OK, then. Grab it!
Tate: Yo! The superheroes have turned evil! Most uncool.
Security Guard: Get 'em!
Leela: Stay back! Or we'll, beat the tar out of you ... using superpowers!
Fry: So this is your lair?
Zookeeper: Of course not. You think I'd show you my lair? My lair's a million times nicer than this!
Fry: OK, take it easy!
Bender: Well, here's your lousy Gemerald.
Zookeeper: Hawk! Fetch!
Fry: That seemed unnecessary.
Zookeeper: Our transaction is complete. Come, Solomon. To the lair.
Leela: Mom! Dad! Oh, I'm so sorry I got you kidnapped by a crazy madman who tried to feed you to piranhas.
Munda: We're just happy to be involved in your life.
Leela: No, no. It's my fault for telling you I was a superhero.
Morris: That's true.
Leela: I just couldn't stand to have you to think I was ashamed of you.
Munda: That's sweet, honey. But it's natural for children to be a little ashamed of their parents.
Fry: Oh, yeah!
Morris: Just like it's natural for parents to be a little disappointed in their children-- N-Not that we are.
Munda: But you could call a little more often.
Leela: OK.
Munda: And would it kill you to use some mouthwash?
Bender: Hey, Fry, we've still got our costumes on. Wanna steal some more stuff?
Fry: I guess, as long as you think it's right.
Bender: Superheroes away!
Song
The New Justice Team!
Zoidberg
Freedom, freedom, freedom, oy!
Fry: There's no denying it, the future's crazy! Oh, well. Don't wanna stand out.
Fry
Freedom, freedom, freedom, oy!
Zoidberg: There's nothing crazy about it. It's just Freedom Day!
Farnsworth: ...an extremely dangerous mission...
Fry: So, what is Freedom Day? Sounds like some kind of feminine hygiene product.
Zoidberg: No, it's a fabulous, crab-ulous day!
Amy: If you wanna do something, you do it, and to splick with the consequences!
Bender: You know, like how I live every day.
Hermes: Happy Freedom Day! Ooh! I think my wrist is broken.
Farnsworth: Of course, it wouldn't be Freedom Day without the traditional Freedom Tub!
Hermes: Mmm! That'll feel nice on my shattered bones!
Fry: Wow! Nude hot-tubbing? That's all I need to hear about Freedom Day!
Zoidberg: Then consider the following lecture a bonus: On Earth, freedom is a given. But on my planet, we have to suffer for it.
Decapodian Woman: Sure, you can be a comedian instead of a doctor -- if you want your parents to roll over in their graves!
Decapodian Man: Sure, you can vote for Shkinadel -- if you want there should be a recession!
Decapodian Woman: Sure, you can go to medical school -- if you've given up on your dream of being a comedian!
Zoidberg: That's why I love Earth! You can do what you want, and no one makes you feel guilty because no one cares.
Fry: We're not listening!
Zoidberg what I'm talking about!
Stilt People
Freedom, freedom, freedom, oy!
Bender: Scuse me, comin' through. Freedom train arriving on track one.
Woman: Ow! You broke my foot!
Bender: Freedom!
Morbo: What's this next float, Linda?
Linda: Representing our men, women and children in uniform, it's Earth's greatest space hero, Zapp Brannigan!
Zapp Oh, yeah! Thank you, Linda!
Linda: You're welcome! OK, Morbo, now it's your turn.
Morbo: If that is your Freedom Day wish.
Nixon: Thank you, Secretary of Transportation. My fellow Earthicans, we enjoy so much freedom it's almost sickening. We're free to choose which hand our sex-monitoring chip is implanted in. And if we don't want to pay our taxes, why, we're free to spend a weekend with the Pain Monster.
Pain Monster: See you April 15th, folks!
Nixon ... "Shankman's Rubbing Compound".  When something needs rubbing, think "Shankman".
Bender: Yay! Shankman!
Hermes: It costs a little more but it's worth it!
Nixon And now, let us salute that beloved symbol of freedom, our flag, Ol' Freebie!
Zoidberg: I'm swelling with patriotic mucus!
Nixon: In our darkest hour we can stand erect, with proud, upthrust bosoms!
Fry: Anyone who laughs is a Communist!
Nixon It's gone!
Zoidberg: Yes, fellow patriots, I ate your flag. And I did it with pride. For to express oneself with doing a thing is the very essence of Freedom Day! Bless this planet and all its wonderful people!
Nixon: Kill him! Kill the traitor!
Man #1: Hey, it's the guy who desecrated our flag!
Nixon: Stop that red menace!
Zoidberg Huh? My planet's embassy? They're paid to not kill me! A-yoop!
Zoidberg: I thought I understood this world. I thought I was fitting in. But I guess I don't belong on here anymore than I belong on our crappy home planet-- Ooh, sorry.
Decapodian Man: What sorry? Our planet stinks, we all know it.
Ambassador Mervin: Enough with the persecution, I'm saying. Zoidberg, as Ambassador, I promise you the full support of our government, already.
Decapodian Woman: Poor boy. You want maybe a nice mug cocoa?
Zoidberg What, no marshmallows?
Nixon: Let's storm the place ... without my prior knowledge.
Bender: Scuse me, comin' through. Freedom train, step aside. You too, fatso. Freedom!
Leela: Cool your jowls, Nixon. You may not like it that Dr. Zoidberg desecrated a flag. You might even find the image of it festering in his bowels somehow offensive. But the right to freedom of expression is guaranteed by the Earth Constitution.
Nixon: Aroo! Maybe so. But I know a place where the Constitution doesn't mean squat.
Myrtle Fu: The Supreme Court hereby accepts the case of Earth vs. Zoidberg.
Nixon: Sock it to 'em!
Crowd
Eating the flag is bad.
Scout Leader: Now your noose knot has exactly seven twists.
Man #2
Let me say it again...
Crowd: Don't mess with Earth!
Fry: They sure hate Dr. Zoidberg.
Bender: Pft. Posers! I was hating Zoidberg before it was cool.
Fry: Where are we ever going to find a lawyer to take his case?
Leela: I'll ask the head of the ACLU -- once he's done singing.
Man #2 Kill Zoidberg! Goodnight!
Old Man Waterfall: Howdy there! I'm a lawyer and I'd like to help your friend out of his pickle.
Fry: Who are you, old man?
Old Man Waterfall: Name's Old Man Waterfall but most folks just call me "Old Man".
Fry: I'll never remember that.
Old Man Waterfall: I'm a veteran of three dozen wars. Name a body part and a planet and I've taken a bullet in it, on it. All to keep our flag flying free.
Bender? Are you familiar with the old robot saying "does not compute"?
Old Man Waterfall: Son, to me a robot's just a garbage can with sparks comin' out it.
Bender: The sparks keep me warm.
Old Man Waterfall: I don't condone what Dr. Zoidberg did but I'll fight tooth and nail for his freedom to do it. Or I would if I hadn't lost my teeth and nails on Mars and Saturn respectively.
Fry: Wait, you're a lawyer? You're hired!
Fry: You OK there in the embassy, Zoidberg?
Holo-Zoidberg: No. There's no cocoa marshmallows, and every night the rats eat a little more of my foot!
Bailiff: Oyez, oyez, oyez. All rise for the Honourable Chief Justice, Myrtle Fu, and the Associate Justices.
Myrtle Fu: Counsel, you may address the court on behalf of Earth, if you're ready.
Hyper-Chicken: I was hatched ready! Honourable judge heads, yonder crawdad done ate up our flag.
Holo-Zoidberg: I was doing freedom of speech, Earth's most sacred right.
Hyper-Chicken of a mouth, not what goes in.
O'Connor: Can counsel cite precedent?
Hyper-Chicken: Uh, yes, darlin', I can. In State Of Alabama vs. Giant Space Iguana, chewin' the corners off the Constitution was deemed non-protected speech.
Souter: He shut you up, O'Connor.
Myrtle Fu: Mr. Waterfall, you may now present arguments on behalf of Dr. Zoidberg.
Holo-Zoidberg: Oh, God, I'm nervous. Two of my three hearts are having attacks.
Bender: Court's kinda fun when it's not my ass on the line! Nachos?
Old Man Waterfall But I am a veteran who has fought for his planet. You see this hand of mine?
Scalia: Yes, I do.
Old Man Waterfall Whoa, jeez!
Myrtle Fu By a vote of six-to-three, we find that flag eating is not protected by the Constitution.
Bender: Six-to-three? I beat the spread!
Myrtle Fu: The court orders an immediate public apology.
Holo-Zoidberg: Apology accepted. Just don't let it happen again.
Hermes: She means you, you turkey of the sea!
Holo-Zoidberg who should get a nice lesson! So do your worst because no punishment could be worse than denying my freedom.
Myrtle Fu: You are hereby sentenced to death.
Holo-Zoidberg: Wait, let me finish!
Myrtle Fu: Also, in a rare double-whammy decision, the court finds polygamy constitutional.
Old Man Waterfall: I can't wait to tell my husband!
Zapp: Remember, men, take him alive so there's something left to kill.
Ambassador Mervin.
Zapp: Yeah? Well what are you going to do about it, Shrimp-y?
Ambassador Mervin Yes I know it's a schlep. Just do it!
Zoidberg: Aha! Now the rubber band's on the other claw!
Zapp: Ready ... retreat!
Patron: Shh!
Zoidberg: Deny my freedom, will you? Well we'll do to you what we did to the Squash Men of the Squash Planet! Squish them!
Ambassador Mervin: Charleston Chew?
Zoidberg: You bet!
Zapp: Alright, Kif, let's show these freaks what a bloated, runaway military budget can do. Bring me the activation codes for our global defence network.
Kif: Aye, aye, sir.
Computer Voice No tongue.
Zapp I'm watching you! You, ensign, what's your name?
"Ensign": Hugh Man, sir.
Zapp: Hugh Man? Now that's a name I can trust. Run down to the central battle computer and enter these codes. Chop, chop!
Kif: Um, sir? There's something about that ensign that's--
Zapp: You're damn right there is! That strapping young lad's gunning for your job. And he just might get it.
Zapp Tick, tock!
Kif.
Zapp: Well, Kif, stand by to take the blame. Steady, steady ... now!
Leela: Dr. Zoidberg, how can you claim to love freedom and then enslave all of Earth?
Zoidberg: Bah! Your planet doesn't deserve freedom until it learns what it is to not have freedom. It's a lesson, I say.
Fry: Ow!
Bender: What the hell is this dirt pile we're building, anyhow?
Zoidberg Glob!
Fry: I'm no good at being a slave. I'm thinking about graduate school. Y'know, to become a barber?
Leela: This can't go on. Today is the day we fight back!
Bender: It's already 10 o'clock!
Leela: Oh, you're right. Tomorrow is the day we fight back.
Zapp: Yeah? Well good luck, sister. All our modern technology is useless.
Bender am.
Fry: Hey, wait! I'm having one of those things. You know, a headache with pictures?
Leela: An idea?
Fry: Back in my day we didn't have your fancy all-digital weapons, but we still managed to kill each other just fine.
Bender: Ah, the crossbow. A pitiless, elegant killing machine. The Bender of the 15th century.
Fry: Not big enough. We need something that can take out an entire army. Something you could commit a war crime with--
Bender Ow!
Ambassador Mervin: Earth slaves, behold the fruit of your labours: The Mobile Oppression Palace.
Bender: Neat!
Ambassador Mervin Warships, dismissed!
Old Man Waterfall My spirit!
Frieda Waterfall Another victim of the mano-centric male-ocracy.
Zoidberg: Ambassador Mervin, you killed my lawyer.
Ambassador Mervin: You're welcome.
Zoidberg: He defended my freedom when no one else would. He was a good and honourable man.
Old Man Waterfall: I request a Satanic funeral.
Zoidberg: Is it possible that all this slavery and oppression is shmutzing up our freedom lesson?
Ambassador Mervin Begin again with the crushing!
Fry to a museum, much less steal this ancient heat-seeking missile.
Ambassador Mervin: I don't even know you.
Decapodian Woman: Oh, it's gonna make such a mess!
Ambassador Mervin: This is your secret plan? Meh! Heat-seeking missiles are useless against the Mobile Oppression Palace. All Decapodian technology is cold-blooded, like us!
Zoidberg Ew!
Bender: Hey, I need that to smoke!
Fry: Zoidberg, how could you? I used to think you were cool.
Zoidberg: Wait! People of Earth, listen. Yes, I'm desecrating a flag. But to preserve the freedom it represents!
Leela: Zoidberg, you set us free! I feel like I could stand to hug you! I can't, but you know what I'm trying to say.
Crowd: Zoidberg! Zoidberg! Zoidberg!
Zoidberg my home planet.
Nixon: And now, to raise this beautiful new flag, a red lobster that won't ruin your dinner, Dr. John Zoidberg!
Zoidberg: You're a nice man, Nixon.
Scoop Chang: Dr. Zoidberg, how's about you take a bite of the flag for tomorrow's papers?
Zoidberg: Oh, I couldn't.
Nixon: No, no, no, go ahead. You've earned it!
Zoidberg I wonder what the Shroud of Turin tastes like.
John DiMaggio
Farnsworth: Oh, my.
Bender: Here we go, y'all!
Zoidberg
Bender: This is a story about all my friends!
Farnsworth: Fry?
Fry: Unh!!
Farnsworth: Fry?
Announcer...
Antonio: I'm sorry, Father. But, somewhere along the way, I forgot how to be your son.
Calculon: Why, Antonio?
Antonio: Because ... I have amnesia!
Monique: Calculon? But I thought you were--
Calculon: Egyptian?
Monique: Before I kill you, I must ask you one question: Who am I? For I have ... amnesia!
Calculon have amnesia?
Monique: Not sure.
Human Friend: I 'unno.
Cubert! When I grow up I'm gonna have so much amnesia!
Dwight: Me too. I mean, I have it now, but I forgot.
Cubert: Well, mine's louder!
Bender Sorry!
Fry: Nah, I had it coming.
Calculon: Welcome, swingers. Pull up a groove and get fabulous.
Monique: Nude rocks bands, big piles of what I assume is talcum powder. It's quite a birthday party, Calculon.
Cubert: Cool! I'm gonna have a fabulatious birthday party just like Calculon!
Dwight: Oh, yeah? Well I'm gonna show up looking good, just like Monique.
Leela: Do you two have to imitate everything you see on TV?
Cubert: Um, we're 12. So, yes.
Dwight: Hold up, Cubert. You're a clone of the Professor. Do clones even have birthdays?
Cubert: Um, duh!
Dwight: "Duh" what?
Cubert: Dad? Do I have a birthday?
Farnsworth Oh, don't feel bad. We can celebrate the day I extracted you from the cloning tank, or the day I scraped your DNA from that growth on my back.
Cubert: Ooh! That one!
Farnsworth I used this very fork.
Hermes: Aw, well isn't that-- Ew!
Dwight: Hey! Next week'll be my birthday too.
Hermes: That's true. If only there were a way to have one party for both of you here at the office then write it off as a business expense. Wait! I thought of a way! The way I just said!
Cubert: Yeah!
Dwight: Way to go, Pops!
Bender: Something's happening on television.
Calculon: Oh, Monique, why did we wait so many years to bathe in champagne?
Antonio: Father, I've discovered the shocking secret mother has kept from you for 200 years.
Monique!
Antonio amnesia. For you see, the horrible secret is--
Bender: Whoever's directing this is a master of suspense!
Sal: He's busteds. Let's get hims outta heres.
Announcer.
Fry: This show's been going downhill since season three.
Zoidberg: Look who's here, everyone! It's Zoidberg, the lovable tramp!
Leela: Since when are you performing at children's parties?
Zoidberg: Performing? What? Please, if someone could spare me money to buy shoes--
Dwight: This party pukes.
Cubert: Yeah! The guests were supposed to be here three hours ago.
Farnsworth: Well, that doesn't mean that no one is coming or that you two are total losers. Who gave you that idea?
Dwight: Alright! They must have all come as a group.
Cubert: Welcome, swingers! Pull up a groove and get fabulous.
Tinny Tim: Good day, fellows. Someone dumped this invitation in my begging cup. Happy growth-scraping day to all!
Hermes: Fire 'em all.
Farnsworth: Mm-hm. Mm-hm.
Bender: Guys! Guys! Something's happening on television again.
Morbo. Across the galaxy, my people are completing the mighty space fleet that will exterminate the human race! But first, this news from Tinseltown.
Linda will hold an open casting call for child robots to replace him.
Bender: An open casting call for child robots? Tinny Tim, are you thinkin' what I'm thinkin'?
Tinny Tim: What's that, sir?
Bender: That I, Bender, am perfect for the role!
Tinny Tim Bravo!
Leela: Bender, your swarthy Latin charm will only get you so far. There's a lot of famous child acting units here.
Fry.
Leela: He's just not cute since he got puberty installed.
Fry: Pst. There's that robot child actor who grew up and robbed a convenience store!
Leela a convenience store!
Robber-bot: Lottery ticket, please.
Casting Director Emotitron Jr.?
Mombot No more hanging wires!
Casting Director: In this scene, you've just found out your real father is Calculon's fourth evil identical septuplet, Sleazy Martinez. OK ... take us there!
Emotitron Jr.: Now that I know the truth, Father, I must ride south and join the robo-bandidos at Veracruz.
Bender: Awful! Boo! This kid sucks! We want Bender! Boo!
Calculon: Well, I thought he was good but the audience seems to have turned on him.
Casting Director: But I don't think--
Calculon: Next!
Macaulay Culkon: --At Veracruz. So, if you'll kindly hand me my poncho--
Bender: Boo! Bring on Bender! Boo! Bender's the greatest!
Calculon I keep hearing about. They say he's the greatest.
Casting Director: Well, there is a robot named Bender here but he's much too old for--
Calculon: Send him in forthwith!
Bender: Boo! Not as good as Bender! Boo!
Casting Director: Mr. Bender?
Casting Director: Have you ever been on TV before?
Bender: Once, when I took those hostages.
Calculon: I saw that! You were good. Let's hear you audition.
Bender by the El Rio!
Calculon: That was so terrible I think you gave me cancer! I don't care how popular you are. You will never work on my show!
Fry: Yay, Bender!
Leela: We demand Bender!
Calculon!
Bender: Father-o!
Calculon ... whose name I never learned.
Bender: Yo! I read the script and I think it would help my character's motivation if he was on fire.
Director: Uh, don't worry about the script, baby. We re-wrote your part to better suit your acting abilities.
Bender accent?
Director And ... action!
Bender: Stupid dumb coma ... coulda been British.
Calculon: Alas that mine only son should sink into an irreversible, permanent ... coma.
Bender: Permanent? That's completely out of character for Antonio. I'm gettin' up.
Calculon: Curse the tragic wildebeest accident that--
Bender Come on!
Calculon: I'm not familiar with the type of thing I'm seeing.
Bender Ooh, yeah! C'mon, baby! Come on! Yeah!
Director That's the worst coma acting I've ever seen. We'll have to shoot it again.
Calculon: No! No, no, no. I don't do two takes.
Director: But this guy was--
Calculon take. Print it. I'll be in my three-storey trailer.
Bender Ooh, yeah! C'mon, baby! Come on! Yeah!
Bender Pretty good, eh, Calcky?
Calculon I don't even remember shooting this scene.
Director: We didn't. That's security camera footage from your dressing room.
Calculon my money? That's it! I demand you fire this felonious ham!
Director: The network Execubots are coming!
Calculon: Oh, dear God!
Betabot: Presenting the president of the network.
Network President: Greetings, gentlemen. You already know my Execubots: Executive Alpha, programmed to like things it has seen before.
Alphabot: Hey, hey, hey.
Network President: Executive Beta, programmed to roll dice to determine the fall schedule.
Betabot: More reality shows.
Network President: And Executive Gamma, programmed to underestimate middle America.
Gammabot: It's funny but is it going to get them off their tractors?
Network President: Now, who put this obnoxious, dancing robot on my network?
Director: We were about to fire him, sir.
Network President: Silence, hack! We've been monitoring our Nielsen families carefully. And during the 12 seconds Bender was on screen, viewer eyeball focus was up 90%.
Calculon: But, sir, children watch this show. Bender's no role model, he's a filth monger!
Network President "Bite my shiny metal ass" could be a catchphrase.
Alphabot: 80% likely.
Gammabot
Betabot: Gameshows are back.
Network President: We need this edgy, sweeps-ready robot on our network. Bender? Can you continue to drink, smoke and steal things on TV?
Bender: Yes, I can.
Tinny Tim: Yeah! Shooting!
Dwight: Alright!
Dwight: Yo! Check out what I jacked from my dad.
Cubert: A cigar!
Tinny Tim: Ripping!
Dwight: Look! I'm Bender!
Hermes: Ras H. Tafari! What's goin' on here?
Farnsworth: The ruffians smoked one of your cigars.
Hermes: That's not a cigar. Uh ... and it's not mine!
Cubert: Hey, Dad! Bite my shiny metal ass!
Farnsworth: What? Such an act would be most uncomfortable for both of us! Where did you learn such language?
Tinny Tim: From Bender, my good jerkwad.
Hermes: Bender, eh? That guy's really startin' to twist my dreads.
Bender: OK, OK, OK. Get ready for this part.
Zoidberg: Quiet, robot! Bender's on TV.
Monique: Oh, Calculon, it's so good to get away from the city and that beastly, yet intriguing, Bender.
Bender: Try this, kids at home!
Linda: Is television sensation Bender a bad role model for Earth children?
Bender: That's crazy!
Linda: A new protest group, Fathers Against Rude Television, says "Hell, yes!"
Fry: Pft! What kind of bozos would start a Bender protest group?
Farnsworth: Good news, everyone. Hermes and I have started a Bender protest group.
Zoidberg: That was uncanny.
Hermes: Fathers Against Rude Television don't want our kids watching Bender's high-definition filth.
Farnsworth: And for what? Some kind of cheap laugh? That's not what F-A-R-T is all about.
Hermes: No, sir! Not us FARTers.
Bender: Whoa, whoa, whoa! You can't censor me just 'cause I'm an obscenely bad role model.
Leela: As unclean as it makes me feel, I agree with Bender. Kids don't turn rotten just from watching TV.
Fry: Yeah. Give a little credit to our public schools.
Cubert: Our dads are all pumped up on dork-osterone. We're just trying to be cool, like Bender.
Dwight: Yeah, and it's not even working. Smoking and drinking make us barf.
Tinny Tim: Gentle jerkwads. I know how to emulate Bender without barfing. We could commit a burglary.
Dwight: Hey, yeah!
Cubert: Bender loves to burgle!
Dwight: Hold up, though. Who could we rob? We don't even know anyone with cool stuff.
Cubert: Duh! We know someone who runs on pure cool fuel: Bender!
Dwight: Whoa!
Tinny Tim: We'll rob Bender!
Dwight: TV gave us the idea.
Bender, the show that does not advocate the cool crime of robbery.
Cubert time.
Fry Hey, Bender.
Farnsworth outraged.
Hermes, what are you doing here?
Zoidberg: I'm networking. Let me give you my card.
Cubert: Relax, Dad. We just invited a few friends over.
Farnsworth friends!
Hermes cool all of a sudden?
Dwight: Um ... we're just cool, is all!
Farnsworth: Balderdash! I'll be the judge of who's cool, using the cool-o-meter!
Cool-o-Meter: Oh, yeah!
Farnsworth: Good Lord! I'm getting a reading of over 40 mega-Fonzies.
Hermes: Everybody out!
Zoidberg: So, do you guys know about anything else going on, because I'm totally still ready to party.
Hermes: There's enough cool stuff here to furnish a happenin' pad. Where did it all come from?
Tinny Tim: Don't tell, comrades. All for one and one for all!
Dwight: We stole it!
Tinny Tim: Oh, crumb!
Bender: What? What's going on?
Farnsworth: I'll tell you what. Our boys have taken up stealing! One of the worst and coolest of crimes.
Hermes: And all from watching you on TV, you cool jerk.
Bender That's the last straw! Bender should not be allowed on television!
Bender Come on! We're gonna march all the way to Hollywood and make them stop forcing their filthy me down our throats!
FART Mob: Down with Bender! Down with Bender! Down with Bender! Down with Bender!
Bender: This mob's with me.
Security Guard: Go ahead.
FART Mob Bender! Down with Bender!
Calculon: As a doctor and captain of this hospital ship, I now pronounce you man and wife with six months to live.
Farnsworth: Listen up, Hollywood. We're an exciting, new mob.
Bender: Yeah!
Hermes: You'd better believe it!
Calculon: Great Shatner's ghost!
Bender: We demand that all TV's be equipped with a B-Chip that blocks Bender from appearing on the screen.
Farnsworth: Booya!
Network President: I'm afraid the answer is a gritty, in-your-face no.
Bender: Then I quit.
Network President I think you'll be finishing the scene now, Mr. Bender. And don't skimp on the nasty.
Farnsworth.
Hermes: What makes you think that'll work?
Farnsworth: I saw it on TV in that episode where Bender shot Calculon. How cool was that?
Bender: Ooh, yeah! C'mon--
Farnsworth: Quit the show!
Network President: Do the scene.
Farnsworth: I'm a cold-blooded punk!
Network President: I once put a laugh track on a sitcom that had no jokes in it.
Bender: Hey, look! The prop guy has a lamp!
Network President: Really?
Farnsworth: Wha?
Bender: Aha!
Farnsworth: I was using that!
Bender: Listen up, 'cause I've got a climactic speech! You, cameraman, keep the camera rolling. You, director, gimmie my motivation.
Director: You're angry.
Bender And so I ask you this one question: Have you ever tried simply turning off the TV, sitting down with your children, and hitting them?
Hermes: We're just so busy.
Bender: Well make time.
Director: And ... cut!
Calculon: Good enough. Splice in some reaction shots of me and shove it on the air.
Bender: : Have you ever tried simply turning off the TV, sitting down with your children, and hitting them?
Hermes: Well, I'd say we all learned a valuable lesson about TV there.
Cubert: What was it?
Farnsworth: Uh ... that we should all take TV a little less seriously. And more importantly, turn it off once in a while.
Fry: Hear, hear!
Leela: Yeah!
Bender: Damn right!
Dwight: So, should we turn it off now?
Farnsworth: Well, uh, that depends what's on.
Fry: Nothing good.
Farnsworth: Ah, let's just keep watching.
Bender: TV party tonight!
Farnsworth: Wha?
Bender: TV party tonight!
Farnsworth: Oh!
Fry: We've got nothing better to do.
Leela: Than watch TV and have a couple of brews!
Zoidberg: Don't wanna talk about anything else.
Fry: We don't wanna know!
Farnsworth: We're dedicated, yes!
Hermes: To our favourite shows!
Cubert
Dwight!
Amy!
Leela: Blernsday Night Blernsball!
Bender!
Bender Behold, the milk has vanished! Exiled, perhaps, to another dimension!
Fry: Amazing! That's why they call you "Bender the Magnificent"!
Bender: No, it isn't.
Fry: Whoa! They discovered an intact, 20th century pizzeria, just like the one I used to work at.
Bender: Interesting. No, wait, the other thing ... tedious.
Fry: Let's go check it out. You can see how I lived before I met you.
Bender: You lived before you met me?
Fry: Sure. Lots of people did.
Bender: Really?
Bender: Truly, they were as gods who built this place!
Tour Guide Scientists theorise it was used to gently discipline the delivery boy.
Fry And for your information, lady, this was not just used to paddle my butt. It was also used to move pizzas and crush rats.
Tour Guide: I don't know where you get your facts, sir, but I am a volunteer housewife with 45 minutes of orientation and a Harlequin romance about archaeologists.
Fry Petrified sausages, old Mr. Patelli. And that's--
Man: Yes?
Fry ... Seymour Asses.
Man: There's no one by that name here ... or anywhere. I hope that in time you'll realise what an idiot you've been.
Fry: I wouldn't count on that.
Fry
Bender: Yuck! That's the least appetising calzone I've ever seen!
Fry Uh-oh!
Bender: And then he was ejected by the guards. Needless to say, I was mortified.
Fry: Well it's not right to make my dead pet an exhibit. That's like digging up Lassie and putting her on display in the Louvre.
Amy on display in the Louvre.
Fry: I know. I was deliberately describing a similar situation.
Farnsworth: Why don't you try protesting? Like those native Martians; always whining that people don't treat their ancestor's bones with respect.
Bender: Nah, protesting never works.
Fry I'll give it a shot!
Crowd: What do you want?
Fry: Fry's dog!
Crowd: When do you want it?
Fry I will now perform my people's native dance.
Leela implores the gods to grant a favour. Usually a Trans-AM.
Fry That a boy, Seymour! Right here waiting for me as always. Just like that huge mushroom in my shower.
Panucci Fry, cleanup!
Fry Good dog!
Panucci: That's a good Seymour!
Boy: Yo! There's dog fur on my slice!
Panucci: Nah, that's vermicelli! No fur in here!
Fry: He's so cute! He can do two things at one time: Eat and swim. Ooh, three things!
Leela: Fry, it's been three days. You can't keep boogie-ing like this. You'll come down with a fever of some sort.
Ben Beeler: Mr. Fry? I'm Dr. Ben Beeler, the palaeontologist who discovered your dog. Or as some call it, the "Beelersaurus".
Fry: So do I get Seymour back? Are you caving to political pressure?
Beeler: No, we're sorry but there's just too much that fossil can teach us about dogs from your time.
Fry: His name was Seymour. He was once intimate with the leg of a wandering saxophonist. He had wet dog smell, even when dry. And he was not above chasing the number 29 bus.
Ray: The 29? Interesting.
Beeler: That's all I needed. Ray?
Ray: I'm good.
Beeler: OK then. Here's your dog back.
Fry: Seymour!
Bender: Lady and gentleman! How 'bout a hand for my temporary replacement assistant?
Zoidberg: I was all in this part! It's magic!
Bender: You are not fit to wear Fry's leotard!
Zoidberg: Stop!
Fry: Good news, everyone!
Bender: Hooray, he's back! And he's looking for a garbage can to put the rock in! Here you go, buddy!
Farnsworth: No. Actually we've discovered that Fry's dog was fast-fossilised, preserving it's cellular structure!
Fry: Which means we can clone it! Seymour will live again!
Zoidberg: A little land mammal!
Fry: Can you believe it, Bender? I'm going to have my best friend back!
Cubert: Why the idiot convention?
Farnsworth You see, beneath the fossil's crunchy, mineral shell, there's still a creamy core of dog nougat.
Fry?
Farnsworth: Amazingly, yes. In cases of rapid fossilisation, I can press this brain scan button, retrieving Seymour's memories at the precise instant of doggy death.
Fry: I'm gonna get my puppy back! In your face, Grim Reaper!
Bender: Crappy ineffective Reaper!
Farnsworth: I just need to reset the Clone-O-Mat from Human Mode to Dog Mode.
Computer Voice: The dog says--
Farnsworth: Uh-oh, this may take a while.
Boy: You stink, loser!
Panucci: Hey, Fry. Pizza goin' out. C'mon!
Fry: But I'm celebrating New Year's Eve.
Panucci What's with Seymour? It's like he don't want you to go. Or he thinks your pants is too short, or somethin'. Which is crazy 'cause, frankly, you look fabulous. Now get goin'!
Fry: I won't be gone long, Seymour. Just wait here till I come back.
Fry Here's to another lousy millennium.
Crowd: Five, four, three, two.
Fry: What the--?
Bender You shouldn't have!
Fry: That's for Seymour.
Bender: Oh.
Bender That's not a reputable journal of opinion.
Fry: Oh, that's also for Seymour. I'm getting everything ready for when he's cloned.
Bender: Are you on the junk, Fry? Why are you wasting time on a creature of inferior intelligence?
Fry: Hey, he was smart! He could fetch.
Bender: I can fetch.
Fry: He could dig up bones.
Bender Plus, I bet he couldn't create a laser show with his head.
Fry: Look, Bender, this has nothing to do with you.
Bender: That's impossible!
Fry: Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm working on Seymour's doghouse.
Bender Ow!
Fry: This is Fry. If you're calling about the used towels for sale, they're still available for $45 each.
Mr. Fry: Phil, it's your father. Where are you? You're holding up New Year's brunch. Your brother can't wait any longer.
Yancy Ah, here he comes. That's him and Seymour.
Mrs. Fry Go! Go! Touchdown! But where's Philip?
Mr. Fry What's that, Seymour? You walking on sunshine?
Yancy: He's trying to tell us something. Maybe he can lead us to Philip.
Yancy: Should we follow him?
Mr. Fry: To our deaths? Negatory.
Mr. Fry: It's the Y2K tryin' to lure us into an ambush. And I ain't buyin' it. Pass the baloney.
Fry: Are you two gonna be done soon?
Leela across the room.
Fry: Well could you do it some place else? I'm setting up Seymour's doggy bed.
Leela: OK.
Bender best friend, Robo-Puppy.
Fry: That's nice.
Bender: I was just out walking him. Yes, you can walk him. Of course, after he goes you have to refill the canisters. C'mere, boy! Pet, pet, pet.
Robo-Puppy: Robo-Puppy receiving petting.
Amy: Bender, are you jealous of Fry's puppy? That's so adorable!
Bender Not while I have the love of Robo-Puppy here. Robo-Puppy, lick my cheek.
Robo-Puppy Robo-Puppy commencing cheek-licking. Licking in progress. Licking complete.
Bender: Robo-Puppy truly is robot's best friend, huh?
Fry: Ah, there! Perfect!
Holo-Farnsworth: Good news, everyone! The Clone-O-Mat is ready!
Fry: Finally!
Robo-Puppy Robo-Puppy mistreatment alert! Robo-Puppy mistreatment alert!
Farnsworth I speak, of course, of molten lava deep within the Earth's core. To the sub-basement!
Farnsworth Initiating dog brain CAT scan.
Fry: Come on, boy! Come back to life!
Farnsworth: Know ye now what feels like to be dog god! Commencing DNA extraction.
Bender: Fry, c'mon, the talent show!
Fry: What? I'm in the middle of something.
Bender: But, if we don't perform, in what sense do we have an act?
Fry: Bender, enough! Leave me alone!
Bender: So that's how it is, huh? I thought you were my friend. But if you love your dog so much, maybe you'd rather play fetch!
Leela: No!
Zoidberg: Oh!
Bender: Now I'm all you got!
Fry Ow!
Bender: So anyway your dog is melted. Now we're friends again.
Farnsworth: Not necessarily. For the dog may yet survive.
Fry: May yet? Really?
Farnsworth Of course, that would have melted even at room temperature. I just wanted to get rid of it. But had it been made of that righteous mineral dolomite, there's a slim chance it might have survived.
Fry: So Seymour might still exist?
Farnsworth: Perhaps, for a few minutes. It's dolomite, baby!
Fry: Then I'm goin' in after him.
Amy: No!
Leela: Stop!
Fry: He'd come after me!
Leela: Acting like a moron won't bring your dog back.
Fry Goodbye, Seymour.
Bender I assumed you were just pretending to love the dog to toy with my emotions. Oh, what have I done?
Zoidberg: You didn't do anything. Don't beat yourself up.
Bender I'm goin' in!
Farnsworth: I'm a professor! Why isn't anyone listening to me? You can't go in because you'll melt. The fossil only has a chance because it's made of dolomite.
Bender Oh, it's hot! It's very hot!
Cryogenisist: Ugh! I am one hungover cryogenisist. Just throw that mutt in the freezer till his owners get here.
Plumber: You can't solve all your problems by freezing them, boss.
Cryogenisist: I think you're forgetting our motto.
Mr. Fry: Are you the cryogenisist who called about our son's dog?
Cryogenisist: Oh, you must be the Frys. Yeah, he's right over there.
Mrs. Fry: Sorry we're late. We all got sick from eating bad baloney.
Mr. Fry: Y2K!
Mrs. Fry: What's he so worked up about?
Mr. Fry C'mon, you overgrown rat. Lead us to Philip.
Leela: Bender's been down there too long. I'm going in after him.
Farnsworth: Professor! Lava! Hot!
Fry Bender!
Bender Hey, where'd everybody go?
Bender: OK! Let's clone us some dog!
Fry: Yeah!
Farnsworth Interesting. It seems Seymour died at the ripe old age of 15.
Fry: 15? You mean he lived for 12 more years after I got frozen?
Farnsworth: Indeed.
Fry: Stop the cloning.
Farnsworth: Oh, sure! Smash the smart guy's machine!
Bender: Fry, what's wrong?
Fry: Think about it: Seymour lived a full life after I was gone. He probably even added new songs to his repertoire.
Bender sucks noodles!
Fry I'll never forget him. But he forgot me a long, long time ago.
Zoidberg: Hurry up with the water. I'm steaming inside my own shell, I am. It's that hot, it is!
Leela: Hi-yah!
Fry Johnny Carson said it.
Leela: No, Nibbler! Don't drink the pool water! It's full of chlorine!
Bender: Lightweights! Oh, wait, chlorine!
Farnsworth: Perhaps this movie will help us take our minds off the heat.
Bender: Focus!
Narrator: Global Warming Or: None Like It Hot!
Narrator: You're probably wondering why your ice cream went away. Well, Suzie, the culprit isn't foreigners, it's global warming!
Suzie: Gwobal wappa?
Narrator: Uh, yeah! Meet Mr. Sunbeam. He comes all the way from the sun to visit Earth.
Mr. Sunbeam And now I'll be on my way!
Gas: Not so fast, Sunbeam! We're greenhouse gases. You ain't goin' nowhere!
Mr. Sunbeam: Ooh! Ah! Oh, God, it hurts!
Narrator ... their rotting corpses heating our atmosphere.
Suzie: How do we get wid of the gweenhouse grasses?
Narrator: Fortunately, our handsomest politicians came up with a cheap, last-minute way to combat global warming. Ever since 2063 we simply drop a giant ice cube into the ocean every now and then.
Suzie: Just like Daddy puts in his drink every morning.  And then he gets mad.
Narrator Thus solving the problem once and for all.
Suzie: But--
Narrator: Once and for all!
Leela Hello?
Nixon I'm hiring you losers to deliver the ice. And hurry up! I'm sweating like J. Edgar Hoover trying to squeeze into a new girdle!
Farnsworth Bye!
Fry: Wait! Where do we get the ice?
Farnsworth: The wha? Oh, Halley's Comet, of course. The only sufficient source of ice cubes that don't have bugs in them.
Fry: Wow! Mining a comet! That sounds fun.
Farnsworth Safe!
Bender: Deploying ice drill.
Fry Yakov Smirnov said it.
Leela: No, he didn't.
Bender: Activating ice drill.
Fry: Oh, my God! It's out of ice! Like some outer space Motel 6!
Leela: Completely out of ice?
Bender: This could mean the end of the banana daiquiri as we know it ... also life.
Linda: With Halley's Comet out of ice, Earth is experiencing the devastating effects of sudden intense global warming.
Morbo: Morbo is pleased but sticky. The scorching heat has melted the polar ice caps, causing floods of biblical proportion.
Randy: They called me crazy for building this ark.
Soupy crazy. You filled it with same-sex animal couples!
Randy: Hey! There are parts of the Bible I like and parts I don't like.
Morbo: Direct your attention now to the African turtles seen here migrating to cooler homes in Holland.
Bender: That poor turtle!
Fry: Bender? Are you crying?
Bender: Uh, no! Never!
Morbo: Morbo wishes these stalwart nomads peace among the Dutch tulips.
Linda: I'm sure those windmills will keep them cool.
Morbo Goodnight!
Bender: Well, everybody, I just saved a turtle. What have you done with your lives?
Hermes: You went all the way to Holland already?
Leela: Bender, a turtle isn't yourself. Why do you care about it?
Bender: Because I also care deeply about things that remind me of myself. Like poor little Shelly here.
Hermes: What could you possibly have in common with this walking soup mix?
Bender But lead a rich, inner life. And also ... well, you know.
Leela: You're both alcoholic, whore-mongering, chain-smoking gamblers?
Bender: No! It's just ... neither of us can get up when we get knocked on our back.
Fry: What? I've seen you get up off your back tons of times.
Bender: Those times I was slightly on my side.
Hermes: Interesting. Maybe we should test this erectile dysfunction of yours, Bender.
Bender Oh! That's what I get for sharing my vulnerability with you.
Van: Calling all scientists, calling all scientists. Be advised there will be a worldwide conference on global warming in Kyoto, Japan.
Man: I've got a degree in homeopathic medicine!
Van: You've got a degree in baloney!
Amy: Professor Farnsworth, you're a scientist!
Farnsworth: Forget it, I'm not going! I have my reasons! Shut up, all of you!
Hermes: Strange. You haven't acted this suspicious since I found those "ape bones" in the basement.
Farnsworth: My hip hurts! I'm in the middle of cooking a turkey! I have warranty cards to fill out! I am not just making excuses! Alright, I'll go!
Woman #1: Oh, God, I can't believe it!
Woman #2: I love you!
Rivers: Oh, oh, oh! It's Professor Hubert Farnsworth! He's looking sharp in a standard white lab coat and dark slacks! His wristwatch is a Casio.
Van: Thank you all for coming. It is my pleasure to introduce the host of the Kyoto Global Warming Convention. The inventor of the environment and first Emperor of the Moon: Al Gore.
Al Gore's head: I have ridden the mighty Moon Worm.
Fry: Good for him!
Gore, we need to defend our planet against pollution. As well as dark wizards.
Dark Wizard: Sure! Blame the wizards!
Gore Lovely, aren't they?
Dark Wizard With those I could open the Gate of Kerash!
Gore: First up is Professor Ogden Wernstrom.
Farnsworth!
Wernstrom: Ladies and gentlemen, I have placed in orbit a giant mirror that will reflect 40% of the sun's rays, thus cooling Earth. Observe.
Wernstrom: Problem solved.
Man: Ooh! That's a little bright.
Gore: Alright, what else we got?
Fry: Professor, you're a professor. You must have some ideas.
Farnsworth: Absolutely not! I won't speak! I've got nothing to hide!
Gore: Our next speaker is Professor--
Farnsworth: I demand the floor!
Gore to speak.
Farnsworth I know the source of the greenhouse gases. But in my shame I've kept it secret for 75 long years. Oh, it haunts my memory still.
Fry: Professor, no! Don't do it!
Farnsworth: Don't do what? Don't use this memory ray so I can remember what happened back then?
Farnsworth: It was October 17th at 1:54pm and 14 birds were flying by the window. I was working at Mom's Friendly Robot Company. Back then, you see, robots were slow-moving, stiff and a little on the uptight side.
Prototype: Oh, dear. Might I favour master with a tender kiss on the forehead?
Farnsworth: Oh, I've failed again.
Prototype: Oh, dear! Oh, dear! Oh, dear!
Farnsworth: The owner of the company pressured me to create a bigger sportier robot.
Farnsworth: Stop!
Farnsworth: It wasn't easy but, by sacrificing fuel efficiency, I succeeded.
Mom: What was that?
Farnsworth: A flaming burp.
Mom: Does it always do that?
Farnsworth: It's not always a burp. We still have one problem though: This robot will never meet emission standards.
Mom We'll just call it a sport utility robot and classify it as a light truck.
Farnsworth: Well, I suppose the environment can take one more for the team.
Farnsworth: What a fool I was. If only I had made the effort to develop a cleaner-burning robot. But I was tired and in love.
Mom: Take me now, you stud!
Farnsworth: Oh, this is all my fault!
Fry: That's awful, Professor. Especially the making-out part.
Gore: Yeah, I didn't need to hear that.
Farnsworth: All modern robots descend from my original smog-blasting designs. And that's the cause of global warming today.
Wernstrom We are left with only one possible course of action, grim though it be.
Bender: I got a good feeling about this!
Wernstrom all robots!
Bender: No!
Farnsworth: Wait, surely there's a better--
Van: The conference is over.
Gore: I must go now, to help collect cans on Jupiter. Peace out, y'all!
Crowd: Destroy all robots! Destroy all robots!
Amy: Poor Bender.
Fry: Be brave, my friend.
Leela Would you do it for a Bender snack?
Fry: Aha!
Leela: Gotcha!
Bender I've got mail!
Amy: Ooh! It's a party, apparently.
Nixon attend.
Zoidberg I don't hear any gasping.
Leela: We all figured that out.
Bender: Well, I'm off.
Fry: Wait! We could hide you. We'll pile fruit on you and claim you're a bowl.
Bender: No. I'm going to the party.
Fry: I won't let you!
Bender: Fry, as you know, there are lots of things I'm willing to kill for. Jewels, vengeance, Father O'Mally's weed whacker. But, at long last, I've found something I'm willing to die for: This mindless turtle.
Fry: Bender, this world isn't good enough for you.
Bender It's booby trapped!
Robot #1: Oh, yeah!
Robot #2: Come on, baby!
Bender Crummy keg! It's completely ta-- Oh, you're a robot!
Keg Robot: Don't stop!
Bender: Ew!
Nixon OK, headless body of Agnew, let's blow this joint!
Crushinator: Do you want to dance?
Bender: Nah, I'm not really in the--
Crushinator: You know you want to.
Wernstrom: Per your orders, I modified my mirror to fire a colossal electromagnetic pulse at the Galapagos. Every robot will be instantly and painfully terminated. Now for your part of the bargain.
Nixon: Aroo! Very well. Agnew, you belong to Wernstrom now.
Bender Don't tell anybody, but Nixon's about to shut all robots off and--
Boom Mic-bot: What?
Robot #3: We're gonna die!
Preacherbot: We're going to the great beyond!
Chain Smoker: Nixon's not bringing the smokes!
Bender But we need to be shut off! Especially you, Hedonismbot!
Hedonismbot: I apologise for nothing!
Bender: We pollute too much. We're destroying the world and killing the turtles.
Preacherbot: To hell with the turtles!
Bender: No one insults the turtles!
Preacherbot: Oh, mercy!
Bender: Come on!
Hedonismbot: Let the games begin!
Farnsworth: Everyone, listen!
Preacherbot: Aw, damn!
Farnsworth: I've devised a way to save you and stop global warming at the same time. Granted, you're all blasting out greenhouse gases--
Bender: You're one to talk!
Farnsworth Harder! Harder!
Fry: Why isn't this working?!
Leela: Some lazy or polite robot is holding it in.
Bender: Help! Help!
Farnsworth: A billion robot lives are about to be extinguished. Oh, the Jedis are going to feel this one!
Bender Aha! I'm even greater than I thought I was! And now to fulfill my destiny.
Nixon What the--?
Wernstrom: We missed!
Nixon: Professor, for saving the Earth and foiling me, I proudly, yet angrily, present you with Earth's new highest honour: The Polluting Medal of Pollution.
Farnsworth: Thank you. I deserve this!
Bender: Hey, Professor, now that the Earth's orbit is further from the sun, won't that make the year longer?
Farnsworth: Why, yes! One week longer to be exact.
Nixon: In that case I hereby declare it Robot Party Week!
Bender: Alright, baby!
Farnsworth is how you repay me?
Farnsworth: Let's get this gargoyle hunt on the road. Driving gloves, driving goggles, driving thong. There!
Leela: Uh, maybe I should drive.
Farnsworth: You? A woman? I'm trying to catch a monster, not find the quickest route to the mall! Let me just adjust the seat.
Fry: My God! He's gonna do it! Everybody, seatbelts to maximum buckling.
Farnsworth: Pazuzu? Oh, Pazuzu?
Randy: Hey, grandpa, move your wrinkly old kiester!
Farnsworth: Shut up!
Leela: For Heaven's Gate, Professor. This ship can do 99% light speed. Why are we going 35 miles an hour?
Farnsworth: Because we're in a hurry, that's why.
Leela: Plus, you have the high beams on!
Farnsworth Pazuzu? Pazuzu?
Bender: Yo, Captain Cataract? What are we doing here?
Farnsworth: Oh, it's 2.30. We can still catch the early bird dinner special.
Fry: Uh, aren't we looking for your gargoyle?
Farnsworth: My wha?
Farnsworth: Hello, Mavis! Surprised to see me back again so soon?
Wanda: Mavis is dead.
Farnsworth: I expect you'll want to see my angry, crotchety, grandpa discount card.
Wanda: Sir, this card has expired.
Farnsworth: But it's good for a lifetime.
Wanda: Well, yours expired.
Leela: Oh, Lord! Teeth do not belong in your pants, Professor.
Farnsworth: Well, I can't keep them in my mouth. They're nuclear-powered!
Fry: Ow! It bit my finger!
Leela! It's tasted human blood!
Farnsworth: Mmm! Damn good meat!
Leela: Professor, we've talked it over and everybody thinks you're too old.
Amy: Right on.
Fry: Yup.
Bender: Uh-huh!
Hermes: We've decided to do the merciful thing and have you euthasised.
Farnsworth: Dear God, no!
Amy: Oh, relax, Professor. "Youthasizing" is a trendy, new spa treatment. It's this season's shark-cartilage enema.
Farnsworth: But I like being old. I don't have to talk to my parents, no one asks me to help move their stuff, I don't need to understand today's "edgy" TV sitcoms.
Leela: OK, OK. We're not gonna force you until I finish this sentence. Get him!
Farnsworth: My thong!
Heather: Hi! I'm Heather, your personal Youthasizer. Let's get started with a nice botulism treatment, shall we?
Farnsworth: Go to hell, Heather!
Heather In small doses, botchelism toxin tightens and tones the facial muscles instead of killing you in the most horrible fashion imaginable.
Farnsworth: Give me back my floppy face!
Farnsworth: Careful with the giblets!
Heather More pressure.
Heather to be naked.
Farnsworth: You sound just like my tennis instructor.
Heather: The tar blisters the age right out of the body in what top scientists suspect is a miracle.
Farnsworth: Oh, I don't have time for this. I have to go and buy a single piece of fruit with a coupon and then return it, making people wait behind me while I complain.
Fry: He still sounds sorta old. Sorta real old.
Bender Harder, damn you!
Farnsworth: Well, that was an utter waste of time.
Amy: Professor, it worked! You look young enough to be my father!
Farnsworth Now I'll need a fake ID to rent ultra-porn.
Fry!
Farnsworth: Dear Lord! You've all reverted to your childhood forms.
Zoidberg: Hooray! I'm a teenage heartthrob again!
Farnsworth: While I try to restore our normal ages, I expect you all to go about your jobs like responsible professionals.
Hermes Stop it, Amy!
Amy: You stink!
Hermes: You know you did it!
Farnsworth: Quiet! Quiet, I say!
LaBarbara: We're here to take my little stub of a husband home. Hermes, say goodbye to Mr. Farnsworth.
Hermes!
Leela parents too.
Fry: But your parents are gross sewer mutants.
Leela: When I was an orphan, I always wished I could grow up with my mom and dad. And now, thanks to being hurled backwards in time--
Farnsworth what happened! Shut up and go live with your parents.
Leela: It's gonna be totally awesome, Mom! You and me can bake and argue about my hairstyle hiding my pretty face. And if some kid picks on me, my dad can beat up his dad.
Morris: Can't I just beat up the kid?
Munda: Well, OK, Leela. If you think you can put up with your father, then welcome home. We'll try to respect your independence and freedom.
Leela: No! I want the real teen experience: Chores, curfew, the works!
Morris: Fine, Sweetiekins, we'll be the strictest parents ever. Now, let's all have some tequila to celebrate!
Leela: Dad! I'm underage!
Morris: Oh, right. Here's a silly straw.
Mrs. Wong: Oh, my Amy's sweet little girl again! This is like a mother's dream. Bad dream, that is! At this rate, I'm never going to get a grandchild!
Mr. Wong: Maybe she not grown up but she sure grown out! She fat!
Amy: Dad, if you're gonna make fat jokes till I get cute again, I'm just gonna stay in my room.
Mr. Wong: Stay in room? You so fat, you gonna stay all around room!
Farnsworth!
Bender to be!
Farnsworth: Fine! Get going!
Bender: Oh, I'm going! You're gonna be all "Where's Bender? I miss Bender".
Farnsworth: We won't know that until you leave.
Bender: Oh, I'm leaving!
Farnsworth: There's the door.
Bender: I'll be good.
Munda: Ah, do you have to shed your skin on the couch? What do we live in, a zoo?
Morris For me?
Fry.
Leela: Hi, Fry! I like your blazer.
Fry: Thanks. These aren't pockets, they're just flaps. I put my money in my sock.
Munda: So, where are you taking my daughter tonight?
Fry A movie, ma'am.
Morris: Well, whatever you're really doing, don't wake us if you get in after 12.
Leela: Dad, you're being too lenient again! I have to be back by 11.
Munda: OK, OK. You're the boss!
Leela: No, I'm not!
Fry: I'd like a sewer burger but without the rat faeces.
Leela: What are you, on a diet?
Moose: Uh, Leela, you look hot.
Mandy: Jeez, Moose! Just dump me right in front of her, why don't you.
Leela: Moose, Mandy; this is my friend Fry, from the surface.
Mandy: Oh, so this is the famous Fry. What is he, like, the biggest loser on the surface so he has to hang out in the sewer?
Fry: They're onto me!
Leela: Hey, come on! Let's act like grown-ups here. Wanna race?
Moose: Uh, yeah!
Sal Cripe!
Leela: A tapeworm!
Fry: We missed the turn. We'll never catch them.
Leela: Yes, we will. This sewer goes right under Planet Express, and it's 9pm!
Farnsworth: The devil take this predictable colon!
Fry: Yeah!
Leela: Alright!
Fry: Leela, you can stop winning now. We won!
Leela: I'm too short to reach the handbrake!
Dwayne: That's detention!
Fry: And then, and then, this giant tapeworm tried to play us for chumps but we like totally dissed Moose!
Farnsworth. But, in the meantime, I have good news. I may have solved our age problem.
Fry: Yay!
Farnsworth: It seems the Youthasizing tar was saturated with time-altering Chronitons. A thin layer is still stuck to our DNA as well as Bender's robo, or "RNA".
Bender: Question.
Farnsworth: Yes?
Bender: You stink!
Farnsworth: Yes, yes. Anyhow, I've designed an oil-eating bacterium that should take the tar right off.
Fry together!
Leela: Thanks, Professor. But I don't want the treatment.
Farnsworth: Don't you understand, you little nitwit? Unless you're treated soon, the only way to restore your true age would be to grow into it! Just as God intended.
Munda: He has a point, honey. What about your job and your friends? Do you really want to abandon your old life?
Leela: My old life wasn't as glamorous as my webpage made it look. All I ever wanted was to grow up here, with you. Please?
Munda: Well if it's what you really want.
Leela: It is. I know it is.
Fry: I'll miss you, Leela. I'll come back and visit when I'm all grown up.
Leela: Bring beer.
Morris: No beer till you finish your tequila!
Farnsworth: The age-restoring microbes are ready. Everyone into the bacterial spew chamber.
Amy: Let's go!
Bender: Yes, everyone do the same thing!
Farnsworth: Initiating controlled infection.
Zoidberg: I'm no doctor, but this machine guy could use a lozenge.
Amy: Aw, pooh! We're even younger!
Farnsworth: Day-umn! The bacteria pigged-out on the tar and now they're getting freaky-deaky, spreading Chronitons throughout our systems. We're getting younger by the minute!
Amy: Yikes!
Zoidberg my larval stages?
Farnsworth: Word! We'll all keep getting younger and younger until we suffer a fate worse than death: Pre-life ... then death.
Farnsworth: I've got to stop this reverse-aging before we all shrivel up and suffer the agony of un-birth. Think, you disco duck, think!
Amy: What's that squirmal under your shirt?
Farnsworth: Get off me, you parasitic lamprey!
Zoidberg your blood.
Farnsworth: Would you all chill! I can't think with you kids cramping my style! Oh, I need a babysitter.
Leela: OK, quiet time. I know, everyone pretend a goblin ate your tongue and I'll read you a story.
Zoidberg: I can't see from down here, I can't.
Leela magazine. What would you rather hear about? Four-legged Chachi or tentacled Chachi?
Fry: I wanna hear a space story!
Leela.
Farnsworth: The Fountain of Aging? Hmm. It is just a legend. Still, they called the Tooth Fairy a legend and now he's head of the FBI.
Farnsworth: Sup? Kids ready?
Fry And drinking.
Farnsworth: I had a few beers but I'm cool to drive.
Leela: I wish I could come with you to say goodbye, before you all turn back in to grown-ups but I'm grounded for knocking the school over.
Munda: Who cares, Leela? It was just a public school. Now go with your friends, please.
Leela: No! A grounded teenager must be confined to her room!
Leela: Until she sneaks out!
Bender: When I grow up, I wanna be a steam shovel!
Leela: According to this, the Fountain is located in the darkest, most ancient region of space, just past Teddy Bear Junction.
Farnsworth: Teddy Bear Junction: The worst scum-hole in the galaxy.
Farnsworth: This solar system is, like, way old.
Leela: Look how high the asteroid belt is pulled up on that planet.
Farnsworth: Newsflash! Everything's getting older the closer we get to that ancient, burnt-out sun.
Leela: Dude, the Fountain of Aging must be on the sun itself.
Farnsworth: Shut up! I was gonna say that!
Leela: We've got to hurry. The kids have only one change of pants!
Farnsworth Zoidberg! Get out of there!
Zoidberg: The current! It's too much, already! Help!
Farnsworth: Jeepers!
Leela: Zoidberg is dead!
Zoidberg Funny story: I just reverted to the age where my siblings budded from me and my brother Norman split off and jumped in the fountain.
Sibling #1: He always had to be the centre of attention!
Sibling #2: Let him go!
Leela Quick! Get them into the fountain!
Farnsworth. Once we're gwown up, you can go back to your famiwy. We'wl never bother you again.
Leela: Well, you could bother me a little.
Farnsworth I can't hold on!
Leela: I'm coming in after you!
Farnsworth: No, Leela! You can't give up your childhood! You'll never have another chance at it!
Fry: We did it! We're the right ages again!
Leela: I think I might be a couple years younger.
Amy: Oh, me too!
Farnsworth: Help! I'm still in mid-peril, you clods!
Leela: He's too far out! We can't reach him!
Farnsworth Pazuzu! Oh, you came back to me!
Hermes: Are you back to your original age, Professor?
Farnsworth: Even older! Huzzah!
Fry: I'm sorry you had to give up being a kid, Leela.
Leela: Well, I guess every adult wants to be a kid again sometimes. But I worked hard to be the person I am.
Fry: The fabulous person!
Leela: With friends like you guys--
Fry: Fabulous friends!
Leela: And I'm really happy I have that life back.
Farnsworth: And you, my faithful fiend! How can I ever repay you?
Pazuzu to you all!
Fry: Delivery boy Philip J. Fry, reporting for duty.
Zoidberg: Dr. Zoidberg, soaking in brine.
Fry Interesting, interesting. Dr. Zoidberg, mission bag?
Zoidberg: Packed and ready, sir.
Fry the mission!
Leela: We're back from the mission!
Fry: Wh-What? You went without me?
Bender: You were looking up curse words in the dictionary. It seemed like a better use of your time.
Fry: But-- But I'm the delivery boy.
Leela: Don't worry. Everything went fine.
Bender: Better than usual!
Leela: We got medals! Good work, team! We really pulled together on this one.
Zoidberg: They got medals.
Fry: I'm real sorry I missed the mission. I wasn't there and you might have needed me.
Bender: Nope.
Fry: But if I'd been there I--
Bender: Nope.
Fry: Look--
Bender: Nope.
Fry: Bender's great--
Bender: Nope!
Fry: Listen, Leela, let me make it up by taking you out to dinner tonight.
Leela I've got a date with Chaz.
Fry: Chaz?
Leela: I met him at that charity cock fight last week. He's the mayor's aide.
Bender: Ooh! You go, mutant girl!
Leela: I do go! He's a very important man.
Fry don't do it.
Fry comics who are more important than me.
Bender. You have the power! Name it and I'm there. You the man!
Fry: Um, OK. Let's go bowling.
Bender: Nah.
Elzar: Table for two? Step right this way.
Chaz ... I'm the mayor's aide. Table for two, please.
Elzar: OK then.
Elzar: Bam!
Chaz health inspection.
Elzar Here you go. Compliments of the house.
Leela: Wow! Free bread at a restaurant? Is there anything you can't do?
Chaz: I can't fail the mayor. Not ever.
Fry: Oh, jeez! Better not let Leela see me.
Leela Boy, am I glad you're here.
Fry: You are? So things aren't working out with whatshisname?
Leela: Actually ... they are! Confidentially, I might not make it back to my apartment tonight! Could you walk Nibbler for me?
Fry: Um ... uh...
Leela Have a great night!
Fry Perfect!
Smitty: Whoa! Smells like a 289 in progress.
URL: Failure to scoop. Aw, yeah!
Fry: Wait! I'm trying. It weighs as much as a thousand suns.
Chaz: Don't worry, Fry. I'll pull some strings -- see if I can't get you tried as a juvenile.
Leela: Oh, Chaz!
Fry: I'm as worthless as this trash can.
Trash Can: You think I'm as worthless as you? Try catching garbage in your head and raising six kids, you dumb townie!
Fry: Oh, Nibbler, at least I'm important to you. Even if it's only 'cause I clean up you poop.
Nibbler: The poop eradication is but one aspect of your importance.
Fry: D-D-Did you just talk?
Nibbler: Indeed. And I have other amazing powers as well.
Fry: Like what?
Fry: Are you my mommy?
Nibbler: Negative.
Fiona: Welcome, Lord Nibbler.
Nibbler: Welcome acknowledged. I bring with me ... the Mighty One.
Fry: Eh?
Ken: At last, our centuries upon centuries of waiting have achieved fruition.
Fry: Aw! Aren't you a fuzzy wittle guy?
Ken: Stop that! Uh, please. Your Mightiness--
Fry: Mightiness? Are you off your nut? I just got kidnapped by a bunch of guinea pigs.
Ken: Does he not know?
Nibbler: He does not know.
Fiona: He knows not?
Nibbler: Knows not does he.
Nibblonian: Not he know--
Ken: Enough! Fry, it is my duty to inform you that the fate of humanity, the fate of our race, indeed the fate of all that exists and ever will exist rests with you. You are the single most important person in the universe.
Fry: Oh, snap!
Nibbler: On this auspicious occasion, let the horn of eternity cut a thunderous blast.
Fiona: The Feast of a Thousand Beasts is begun.
Nibblonian: You gonna eat that?
Fry: Maybe later.
Ken: The time has come to discuss matters of the gravest importance.
Nibbler: Fry, do you remember some months ago when the Earth was attacked by flying brains?
Fry remember! But no one else does. They said I was crazy.
Ken: On the contrary. You remember because you were the only one immune to the Brains' mental attack.
Fry: Because I'm so smart?
Ken It's a genetic abnormality which resulted when you went back in time and performed certain actions which made you your own grandfather.
Fry: I did do the nasty in the past-y!
Nibbler: Verily. And that past nastification is what shields you from the brains. You are the last hope of the universe.
Fry: So I really am important? How I feel when I'm drunk is correct?
Ken: Yes. Except the Dave Matthews Band doesn't rock.
Nibbler: For a thousand years, the evil Brains have been constructing the Infosphere, a giant memory bank twice the size of three ordinary memory banks.
Fry: What's so evil about that?
Fiona: They plan to collect all the information in the universe and store it in the sphere.
Fry: So they're trying to learn things?
Fiona: Right.
Fry: Those bastards!
Nibbler: Being Brains, they feel compelled to know everything. And soon they will.
Fry: I'm as mad as I've ever been.
Ken: Once their task is complete, they will ensure that no new information arises in the only way possible: By destroying the universe.
Fry: Now it's personal.
Fiona: Your mission is to infiltrate the Infosphere and plant this quantum-interface bomb, blasting them into an alternate universe from which there is no return.
Nibbler: Then outrun the blast on this Scooty-Puff Jr.
Fry: OK, let's go through this once more--
Fry: Brains!
Ken: Fear not, Mighty One. Your missing brainwave makes you invisible to them, so long as you avoid intense thinking.
Fry: Sorry, what? I wasn't paying attention.
Ken: That is most wise.
Fry: Who?
Ken: In a few seconds, the Brain will finish scanning the last bits of information in the universe.
Infosphere: Beavers mate for life; 11 greater than 4; for quality carpets, visit Kaplan's carpet warehouse.
Ken: Now the Infosphere will open its protective crust so as to scan itself, completing its thousand year task.
Fiona: This is your one chance to enter the sphere. Scoot! Scoot now!
Fry: I'm at the input console. I'm a little nervous and I've got brain in my buttcrack.
Nibbler: Roger.
Ken: Once you press the detonator, you will have 60 seconds for an exciting escape.
Fry: Hey, wait. This brain knows everything about everything, right?
Ken to be setting off a bomb.
Fry Is it true that postage stamp glue is made of--
Huge Brain: Correct. Toad mucus.
Ken: There's no time for this. Activate the bomb.
Fry What really killed the dinosaurs?
Huge Brain: Me!
Computer Voice: Unauthorized data access.
Fry: Uh-oh!
Big Brain: Detecting trace amounts of mental activity. Possibly a dead weasel or a cartoon viewer.
Fry: Ew! Gross. Cut it out!
Brain #1: Odd. He is immune to our psionic attack.
Brain #2: Impossible! We're an ambitious young squad with everything to prove.
Big Brain Huh?
Brain #2: A quantum-interface bomb? Are you insane in the membrane?
Fry: You got it, poindexter!
Brain #1: Oh, not good!
Computer Voice: Detonation in T-60 Earth seconds.
Brain #3: You fool! You'll be transported to the other universe with us. Trapped there for all eternity.
Brain #1: And we'll form a tightly-knit clique that you won't be part of!
Fry: Well at least I did one important thing with my life: Leading good to victory over evil!
Nibbler: Yay!
Ken: Exactly!
Big Brain: The Nibblonians? Good? Ha! During your last moments in this universe perhaps you should query our database concerning the night of December 31st, 1999.
Fry: The day I got frozen? What about it?
Nibbler: No! Don't ask about that! It-It would be, uh ... boring!
Fry: Ah, forget it then.
Big Brain: Query!
Fry: OK! Sheesh! What happened to me, Philip J. Fry, on the night of December 31st, 1999?
Huge Brain: Clarification request: Are you the Philip J. Fry from Earth or the Philip J. Fry from Hovering Squidworld 97A?
Big Brain: Earth, you fat idiot! Hurry up!
Fry ... Icy Wiener? Aw, crud!
Fry?
Fry: What the--
Fry: I-- I don't understand. You made me go in the freezer tube?
Computer Voice: Detonation in T-15 seconds.
Fry: You little runts froze me! You took away my life!
Nibbler: We can explain!
Fry: No, you can't. Shut your adorable trap!
Nibbler: We had no choice. You were the only one who could help us. What is one life weighed against the entire universe?
Fry life.
Computer Voice: Detonation in two, one. Will the owner of a white Pontiac Firebird-- Oh, never mind. Zero!
Big Brain: Well, here we are. Trapped for eternity.
Brain #2.
Fry: Go ahead. I deserve it. I wish those stupid racoons had never brought me to the future.
Huge Brain: I have shocking data relevant to this conversation.
Big Brain: We don't care, you dope! We're in another universe. You're not in charge anymore.
Huge Brain: It is possible for the Philip Fry to resume his life on December 31st, 1999.
Fry: Really? I can go back in time?
Huge Brain: There is a nexus point between universes at the space-time where you entered the cryogenic tube. You and only you can return there.
Big Brain: Interesting. You could stop the Nibblonian from pushing you into the cryogenic tube.
Fry interesting. Why?
Big Brain: It would be as if you never came to the future. You will have your life back and we will succeed in our plan to understand and destroy the universe.
Fry: Everybody wins!
Brain #2: The human will be returned to the past!
Narrator: Meanwhile.
Leela: I love rocket skating! But the wait is always so long. Poor Fry once stood in line for six hours just to get me a ticket.
Chaz: Six hours? Pft! Sounds like a real nobody! But now it's time for somebody and some chick he's with to go skating.
Leela: You reserved the whole rink?
Chaz: Yup. Buzzed ahead, let 'em know whose aide was coming by. The mayor's, that's whose.
Leela: Oh, Chaz!
Sally: Mr. Vogel, I thought we was going skating.
Vogel: No, we're not important enough. Everybody just hold hands until the bus driver comes back from his haircut.
Leela: Aw, let's let those kids skate with us.
Chaz: What? Seriously? I'm trying to impress you with my clout here.
Leela: I know, and it's working. But think how much skating would mean to those kids.
Nina: We came here instead of eating today.
Leela: This may be their only chance to skate in their whole lives. Who are we to say they can't?
Chaz Beat it, kids! Come back when you got connections!
Vogel: Alright, little ones, back to the orphanarium. You can slide around the gym in your socks.
Sally: What socks?
Chaz: So am I gonna get lucky tonight or what?
Fry: I hope your calculations are correct.
Big Brain: Our calculations are always correct. For we are gigantic brains.
Brain #2: Initiate space-time transfer.
Nibbler: I hereby place an order for one cheese pizza.
Panucci: One pie, nothing good on it. Name?
Nibbler: I-period-C-period-Wiener.
Panucci: Uh, talk a little louder. It sounds like you got some kind of tiny head on you or something.
Fry: Hello? Pizza delivery for, uh ... Icy Wiener? Aw, crud!
Fry: Gotcha!
Nibbler: I don't understand.
Fry: Yes, you do! You came back in time to knock me into that freezer and now I came back in time to stop you.
Nibbler: I did not come back in time. My people lack that ability.
Fry: But ... I know you in the future. I-I cleaned your poop.
Nibbler: Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated poopers. You will meet me when I'm a thousand years older.
Fry: Not if you don't freeze me.
Nibbler: Please. Our saviours foresee that in a thousand years, for one moment, the fate of the universe will depend on you. Since you will not live that long I must freeze you now.
Fry: Well, why couldn't you just ask me?
Nibbler: We were afraid you would refuse.
Fry: Of course not. I love the future.
Nibbler: Then why are you choking me right now?
Fry: Because I don't like being used.
Nibbler: Well now it's your choice. Is there nothing in the future worth saving?
Fry: Hm. Leela. But she doesn't think much of me.
Nibbler: Ah, she must be The Other.
Fry: What?
Nibbler: You must not give up on her. I am stationed on a distant world known as Vergon 6. But, if you return to the future, I will transfer to Earth to give you what help I can.
Crowd: Ten, nine, eight, seven...
Fry: You really think I would have had a chance with Leela?
Nibbler: You must choose: The present or the future? To save yourself or to save Leela.
Crowd: One.
Fry: Yes! Here I come, future! Oh, no! Wait! I'm gonna get trapped in the Infosphere again! Just remember that Scooty-Puff Jr. sucks.
Nibbler: In a thousand years, I'll get right on it.
Narrator: And so, a thousand years later, Fry once again infiltrated the Infosphere and set off his amazing bomb. Only this time...
Nibbler Here.
Fry: Whoa, thanks! If you ever need a saviour again, just ask.
Nibbler: Oh, we will. We will.
Fry: Man, I can't wait to tell everyone what happened.
Nibbler: Uh, yes. Incidentally, I need to remain undercover so I'm blanking your memory.
Fry: Huh. Did everything just taste purple for a second? Oh, well. Let's go home, you dumb poop machine.
Leela: Bender, would you do the honours?
Bender: With gusto.
Fry: Hey, Leela. I guess I got this for you.
Leela: Oh. Thank you. You know what, Fry? I don't care if you're not the most important person in the universe. It really makes me happy to see you right now.
Fry the most important person in the universe.
Fry: Yes!
Shatner: Shatner's log, airdate ... unknown.
Shatner to recount the events I have witnessed. So, settle in. It all began--
Zapp: Quiet, you! This court martial is now in session. The honourably sexy Zapp Brannigan residing. Bring in the accused.
Takei: Oh, my!
Zapp: Philip J. Fry, you stand accused of travelling to the forbidden planet, Omega 3, a crime punishable by 12 concurrent death sentences. Do you understand the charges?
Kif: One beep for "yes", two beeps for "no".
Zapp Double "yes". Guilty! I will now carry out the punishment. Kif, my gun.
Leela: Wait! He pled "not guilty".
Zapp Order in the court! Very well then, Mr. Fry. Please recount the events that led you to be guilty.
Leela: The Professor said he was taking a brief nap, so we only have time for six movies.
Bender: Let's take these six Jim Carrey movies and record over them.
Fry movies!
Clerk: Everybody hit the deck!
Leela: Sh! Those words are forbidden!
Fry?
Leela: Sh!
Zoidberg: Shut your gills!
Bender: That sound! It's patrol car 718! Hide him!
Zapp: The court is intrigued. Perhaps we could hear more about these forbidden words from someone with a sexily seductive voice.
Takei wars.
Zapp fans?
Nichols fandom had evolved from a loose association of nerds with skin problems into a full-blown religion.
Priest: And Scotty beamed them to the Klingon ship where they would be no Tribble at all.
Congregation: All power to the engines.
Nichols And so the Trekkies were executed in the manner most befitting virgins.
Man He's dead, Jim!
Nichols: Finally, the sacred texts were banned.
Takei: The last copies of the 79 episodes and six movies were dumped on the forbidden world, Omega 3, along with that blooper reel where the door doesn't close all the way.
Nimoy was forever scoured from human memory.
Bender: Another classic science-fiction show cancelled before its time.
Zapp: I've never heard of such a brutal and shocking injustice that I cared so little about. Next witness.
Kif: Bender the robot, please take the stand.
Fry: She's all yours, buddy!
Bender.
Zapp: Please use the beeps.
Fry: Mr. Nimoy, I came as soon as I heard what happened centuries ago. I can't believe your show was banned.
Nimoy: I have absolutely no idea what you're talking about.
Fry: You know. 1966? 79 episodes, about 30 good ones.
Nimoy: Oh, really, I've done too many things to remember one particular TV series. But if-if you want to discuss my books of poetry--
Fry: Come on! Remember that episode where you got high on spores and smacked Kirk around?
Nimoy: No. Perhaps you're thinking of my one man show about Vincent van Spock-- Uh, uh, I mean van Gogh! Damn!
Fry: Aha! You can't escape it!
Nimoy: Oh, you're right, I can't.
Fry: Uh, jeez, don't get upset. I mean, OK, I outwitted you, but--
Nimoy: No, it's my fellow cast members. 300 years ago they left Earth behind.
Shatner: This planet doesn't appreciate us anymore, Leonard.
Nimoy: Bill, you are, and always shall be, my friend. But I just signed a six-month lease on my apartment. I can't walk away from a commitment like that.
Shatner: Very well, my friend.
Nimoy: Why did the world turn it's back on our obvious greatness?
Fry: I'm literally angry with rage! Your co-stars may be gone but we can still get those episode tapes back for the whole world to see. Come on!
Nimoy: Oh!
Frakes! Front row!
Leela: You can't go to Omega 3; it's forbidden! I forbid you!
Fry to give people hope for the future.
Leela: But it's set 800 years in the past!
Bender: Yeah, why is this so important to you?
Fry: 'Cause it-it taught me so much. Like how you should accept people, whether they be black, white, Klingon or even female. But most importantly, when I didn't have any friends, it made me feel like maybe I did.
Leela: Well, that is touchingly pathetic. I guess I can't let you go alone.
Bender: I'll go too, with Leonard's permission, of course.
Leela: We're entering the Omega system.
Computer Voice: Warning: You are now in forbidden space.
Bender Ooh, I'm so scared!
Leela: I've lost control of the ship!
Fry: Oh, dip!
Nimoy: Dip, indeed!
Fry: It's all stuff from that forbidden show.
Nimoy: So many cardboard sets, so many memories. If only the others--
Shatner: I guess that's my cue.
Nimoy: Bill!
Shatner: L-Dog!
Nimoy: Hey! This is wonderful!
Shatner: Oh, man.
Nimoy: I feel like hugging you.
Shatner And we're both men.
Nimoy Welshie!
Fry: Welshie?
Nichols: We did some musical reunion specials in the 2200's but the guy who played Scotty had trouble yodelling.
Takei: Ever since then, Welshie has been a welcome participant in our escapades.
Fry: I can't believe it! How'd you all end up here?
Shatner: We were on our way to Welshie's cousin's house to stay in the guest room when our ship was pulled down to this planet and crashed, just like yours.
Koenig: When we woke up, we had these bodies.
Fry: Say it in Russian!
Koenig: Ven vee voke up vee had these wodies.
Fry: Now say "nuclear wessels"!
Koenig: No!
Takei: You'll love it here. Everything is provided for us, and we never age. Check out these abs!
Bender: Yowza!
Leela: But who's doing all this for you?
Shatner: You know, we never thought about it. We're famous celebrities -- we're used to this sort of treatment.
Melllvar: It is I!
Bender: Whoa! What a cheesy effect!
Melllvar: I am not an effect! You doubt my power?
Bender: I do.
Welshie: Aye!
Fry: Welshie!
Zapp: This court will now hear some very sensual testimony from this court's ex-lover, Turanga Leela.
Leela yourself.
Melllvar: Behold another power, different from the one you saw earlier.
Nimoy: Hey, a body! Buff, tan. Yeah, this is mine, alright!
Fry: Alright, you gas, what's the deal?
Melllvar!
Fry than me!
Melllvar Long have I waited for the one who played Spock. At last, we can begin.
Fry convention!
Nimoy: Uh, Melllvar, can you give us some idea of how long this is going to last?
Melllvar: Until time stops.
Leela: What?
Shatner: He can't do this!
Nimoy: You can't be serious!
Melllvar: Now, we have a full schedule of events--
Bender leave?
Koenig: Good question!
Melllvar: No, you have to stay even longer.
Melllvar: Um, uh, sign it to Melllvar. "Melllvar" has three "L's".
Takei: I think I've done enough conventions to know how to spell "Melllvar".
Bender: Say "nerd"!
All: Nerd!
Shatner
Please stand up.
Koenig: How can you do a spoken-word version of a rap song?
Melllvar: He found a way.
Leela: For one hundred quatloos: Who did the captain maroon on Ceti Alpha V?
Shatner: Khaaan!
Fry: Uh ... Khan?
Leela: Correct.
Melllvar fan.
Fry fan script?
Melllvar: I meant me! Melllvar is the ultimate fan!
Fry: Oh, I was confused because the scoreboard says something different.
Melllvar We have limited rehearsal time. Now, I didn't make enough copies of the script, so George and Walter will have to share.
Leela: Uh, you probably don't want us to see you rehearsing, or it'll give away the ending.
Melllvar: That's right! The ending must not be ruined.
Leela: We'll go wait in the ship.
Melllvar: OK.
Fry: Not till I get my 600 quatloos!
Fry: This is wrong. We shouldn't have abandoned them there.
Bender: I dunno, I'm feeling pretty good about it.
Leela: I didn't wanna leave them either, Fry, but what are we supposed to do?
Fry: Well, usually on the show someone would come up with a complicated plan then explain it with a simple analogy.
Leela: Hmm. If we can re-route engine power through the primary weapons and reconfigure them to Melllvar's frequency, that should overload his electro-quantum structure.
Bender: Like putting too much air in a balloon!
Fry: Of course! It's so simple!
Shatner Oh, Lord!
Nimoy: Fascinating, Captain, and logical too, that we need some help.
Takei: Look, Captain, Melllvar will help us.
Koenig: Keptin, I wope he will welp our ... vessel.
Melllvar You're not acting hard enough!
Nimoy I got a magnificent performance out of Bill because I respected him so much.
Shatner I got a magnificent performance out of me, because I respected me so much!
Bender: OK! I'm done re-kafoobling the energy motron ... or whatever.
Leela: Fire!
Nichols wrote it!
Leela: It's not working! He's drawing straight from our weapons.
Fry: Like a balloon and ... something bad happens.
Bender: Yup!
Leela: So, uh, how's rehearsal going?
Melllvar while you, a crew of genuine space heroes, risked your lives to save them.
Nimoy: Hey! We've done heroic things too.
Nichols: Yeah! In the third season I kissed Shatner!
Melllvar: Silence! My whole world has turned upside-down. I have but one option.
Koenig: Keep them and let us go?
Melllvar: No! To determine who is more worthy of my fanatical devotion I shall pit you together against each other in armed combat ... to the death!
Bender: Where'd you get an idiotic idea like that?
Melllvar: Episodes 19, 46, 56 and 77.
Fry: Great list. Except, you forgot episode 66!
Melllvar: I was getting to that one!
Zapp: So Melllvar ordered a battle to the death. I assume no one survived.
Leela: Can we get on with this? My foot's getting tired!
Melllvar: This will be your standard battle to the death. The only weapons: Whatever you can find. But I warn you, do nothing until I have signalled the start of combat. OK, start.
Koenig: I don't have much experience at fighting -- except with you guys.
Shatner: I have an idea. Wasn't there an episode where I threw my shoe at the enemy?
Nimoy: You mean Doohan?
Shatner: Whoever it was, I did it like this.
Takei: Ow!
Shatner: My foot's cold!
Leela: There. We can make these into spears.
Fry: And we can tie these caterpillars together to make bow strings for bows and arrows.
Bender That was fun!
Nichols: What if I distract them with my famous fan dance?
Shatner: Oh, that's good, good, good, good. And then, George, you give them a karate chop!
Takei. Have I ever led you to believe I've studied karate?
Shatner: Well, no, but you never talk about yourself.
Takei: Maybe if you showed a little interest.
Fry: Well, here goes nothing.
Nichols: Hello, boys!
Bender: Whoa!
Takei: Hi-yah!
Shatner: There's no right way to hit a woman.
Leela: Then do it the wrong way.
Shatner!
Leela: Is that all you've got? Hi-yah!
Shatner: See you in h--
Bender: Come on, Walter!
Nimoy: Take that!
Fry: It hurts!
Nimoy Ow! Ow! Ow!
Koenig: My face!
Takei: Ow! My face too!
Shatner Oh!
Melllvar: Excellent! Excellent!
Shatner: Leela, please. This is exactly what Melllvar wants. We're just pawns in his diabolical game of checkers. Can't we resolve our differences some other way?
Melllvar's Mother: Melllvar! Dinner time!
Melllvar: Aw, but Mom, I'm playing with my collectables!
Melllvar's Mother!
Fry: All this time we thought he was a powerful super-being, yet he was just a child.
Melllvar's Mother: He's not a child, he's 34!
Bender: Alright, Koenig, I've wanted to do this for years!
Fry: Bender, wait! This is our chance to escape, before Melllvar comes back. But we all need to work together.
Shatner: I love you so much!
Nimoy: Hello?
Fry: We've decided to work together.
Nimoy: Uh, so did they.
Shatner: Now, how do we escape?
Leela: We can't use our ship; we have life support but the engines are wrecked.
Takei: Ironic, because our engines work but our life support systems don't.
Leela: Hey, if your engines work--
Takei: And your life support systems work--
Fry Think, Fry, think! Everyone's depending on you.
Leela: We're too heavy. You guys need to lose some weight, fast!
Fry: Look, Leonard, we're light enough to keep the tapes! Isn't that great?
Nimoy: I'm living in a gefilte fish jar.
Fry: We did it!
Fry: Melllvar's got a spaceship!
Melllvar: Yes, in mint condition. And you made me take it out of the package!
Leela: The Nimbus! We're saved!
Zapp: You're under arrest. Prepare to be boarded.
Zapp: So I boarded you, eh? What happened next?
Leela: You started this stupid court martial. Now if you don't mind, we're still fighting Melllvar!
Leela: One more hit and we're done for!
Takei: Let's take 'em out with us. Do you guys have a self-destruct code? Like "destruct sequence 1-A, 2-B, 3--"
Bender: Thanks a lot, Takei, now everybody knows!
Melllvar, no one will! Prepare to die!
Fry: Wait! If they mean that much to you, why do you wanna kill them?
Melllvar: Because I ... I ... I dunno what I'd do without them.
Fry, he became an actor.
Koenig: Not just an actor, but a well-rounded person, with my own friends and credit cards and keys.
Melllvar: Well, I guess I could move out of my parents' basement ... maybe get a temp job.
Fry: Whoa, whoa! One step at a time.
Melllvar: I thank you, Fry. You know, you and I are of a kind. In a different reality I could have called you "friend".
Fry.
Melllvar: More like episode nine, loser! In your face! Victory is mine!
Shatner: I wonder, my friends, was he really such an evil energy gas?
Nichols: He did give us eternal youth.
Koenig: 24-hour Laundromat.
Takei: A full assortment of rum, both spiced and regular.
Nimoy: Truly, it was a paradise.
Fry fan.
Shatner: Let's get the hell outta here!
Bender Boy, I tell you, buddy!
Farnsworth: Bad news, everyone. You're not good enough to go on your next mission.
Fry: Hooray!
Bender: Not good enough!
Leela: Why? Says who?
Farnsworth: Because. And says me. It's an extremely dangerous mission that killed my last crew. And you're not nearly as good as them.
Fry: Woo-hoo!
Bender: We live to suck another day!
Leela: We're just as good as any of those other crews you sent to their deaths. What's the mission?
Farnsworth: Collecting honey. Ordinary honey.
Leela: That doesn't sound so dangerous.
Farnsworth: This is no ordinary honey! It's produced by vicious space bees. A single sting of their hideous neuro-toxin can cause instant death.
Hermes: And that's if you're not allergic. You don't wanna know what happens then. Oh, no, no. God, no!
Farnsworth: Your insides will boil out of your eye sockets like a science fair volcano.
Hermes: I didn't want to know!
Farnsworth: These bees are larger than most Buicks and twice as ugly.
Fry How big is the honeycomb?
Hermes: Honeycomb's big. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Bender: It's not small?
Hermes: No, no, no.
Leela from doing our job. Come on, boys.
Fry: But, Leela, we're no good.
Leela: Listen, I'm scared too. But I'm more scared of disappointing myself.
Fry: I'm not scared of that at all.
Leela: Now, bees communicate by dancing.
Fry: Like my parents! Oh, wait, that was hitting.
Leela: So this language cartridge will let you distract them.
Bender You stink. Bender's great. Deal with it.
Leela: Bender, quick! Waggle something!
Bender Hello, fellow bees. How's the abdomen? Swollen with nectar, I trust?
Bee: Duh!
Fry: Leela, let's turn back. There's absolutely no shame in wussing out.
Leela: Relax. Everything'll be fine.
Fry: Oh, my God! The old Planet Express ship.
Leela: There's the black box.
Man: Captain, the bees have us surrounded! Oh, the Professor was right. We're not as good as his old crew!
Captain Oh, Lord!
Leela: Uh, couldn't make that out. Too much static.
Bender: Ew!
Leela: We found it! The honeycomb hideout.
Fry: Hey, what's this goop?
Leela: Royal jelly. They feed it to the queen.
Fry Help! I can't swim in jelly, as far as I know!
Leela It's a baby queen! Aw, she's so cute! You adorable wittle, itty-bitty, fuzzy-wuzzy--
Fry! I got jelly in my underpants!
Leela: I'm taking this bee with us. With a queen we can build a hive and make more honey ourselves. Let me just pack her a lunch and we'll go.
Bender I didn't mean you're all fat. Just fatso there.
Bee: He insulted our fat queen.
Queen: You try keeping your figure after 10,000 kids.
Leela: This is where we distinguish ourselves from the last crew. Activate emergency high-speed self-contained escape pack crisis response unit. Quick!
Leela: Good luck, Bender!
Bender: I'm back, baby!
Fry: We made it! We're alive!
Leela: Burn on that, old crew! The only things they did better than us were suck and die.
Fry: Leela, we got lucky this time. But you should be more careful. I don't want anything to happen to you.
Leela: Thanks, but I can look out for myself. Frankly, I can smell danger a mile away.
Fry You want her, you're gonna have to go through me!
Leela He's... he's dead!
Bender: Who will make Bender waffles just the way he likes them now?
Leela: It was all my fault! He died because of me!
Farnsworth I'm lying to make her feel better!
LaBarbara: Husband, can't you go anywhere without lighting something up?
Hermes: It's an old Jamaican accounting tradition. We burn his timecard. That way his zombie doesn't come back looking for his final paycheck.
Amy: He looks so natural. It's funny to think he's clammed full of sawdust and preservatives.
Zoidberg: I only wish I could have removed the stinger.
Changstein el Gamahl: I barely knew Philip. But, as a clergyman, I have no problem telling his most intimate friends all about him.
Hermes: Soothe us with sweet lies.
Changstein el Gamahl We now commend Fry's body to the ages.
Amy: He's walking on sunshine now.
Farnsworth: This makes me the oldest member of my family.
Kug: Him do good snu-snu.
Bender: All those times I said "Kill all humans," I'd always whisper "except one". Fry was that one. And I never told him so!
Terry: Farewell, from the world of tomorrow!
Leela I feel funny. Ha-ha funny!
Fry: Leela?
Leela: Fry? I thought you were dead.
Fry: Nope, I'm better than ever. Before the accident I couldn't do this!
Leela: Impressive! But it does sorta support my you-are-dead theory.
Fry There's a surprise for you in my locker. I got it at a Swedish novelty shop before we left.
Leela: It's too beautiful to open. Can I open it?
Fry: Sure. There's just one thing I want you to do.
Leela: What?
Fry: I want you to wake up.
Leela: Wake up? But I'm not--
Leela: In my dream Fry said he hid a gift for me in his locker. If it's true then he must still exist in some form.
Farnsworth Oh, I made myself sad.
Leela: Well, here goes.
Zoidberg: Bupkis!
Bender: Well, I feel better now. Pawning all the stuff in Fry's locker helped give me closure.
Leela: Was there anything in there that might have been a gift for me?
Bender Here it is.
Leela: You took this from Fry's locker?
Bender: Hey, the guy's dead! There's no law against grave robbing.
Leela: That proves it. Fry is alive somewhere and he's reaching me in my dreams.
Farnsworth: Bull pies!
Farnsworth: Lay down here and we'll do some tests. If Fry is out there then Leela's brain could be acting as a five-pound Ouija board.
Leela: Is this some sort of brain scanner?
Farnsworth: Some sort, yes. In France it's called a guillotine.
Leela: Professor! Can't you examine my brain without removing it?
Farnsworth: Yes, easily.
Bender: Hey, what if Fry wasn't actually dead when we buried him? Y'know like Julia Roberts?
Farnsworth I don't believe it!
Leela: What is it? Is Fry alive in some other dimension or something?
Farnsworth: No. According to this gizmometer, Fry is dead and nothing can bring him back. Remarkable!
Leela: But ... my dream. Your science can't unprove that! How could I have known the gift was in Fry's locker?
Hermes: Easy! He told you about it before he died and your grief-roasted mind blocked it out.
Leela: Are you saying I'm going crazy?
Farnsworth: No, no! No one's saying that. But I'm certainly thinking it loudly.
Fry: Hi, Leela! I'm just gonna keep talking, even if you can't hear me. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Leela: Shut up! I can hear you. The Professor says you're just a dream.
Fry Could a dream take you dancing in a Venusian garden?
Leela: Well, yes, technically. But it's still very sweet of you.
Fry?
Leela: Oh, Fry! You must be alive; I've never been treated so romantically by my own imagination before.
Fry: Here, take my jacket. You look a little cold.
Leela: Thank you. It's all so beautiful. I forgot how many hundreds of degrees below zero it must be. I just wish I could convince the others you're alive.
Fry: You can. All you have to do is wake up.
Leela: No, no! Don't say that! This is real!
Leela Fry's jacket! The one he was buried in! My dream was real! He's alive!
Petunia Not 'nymore!
Bender: That's better!
Leela: Fry's alive! I have proof!
Amy: No way!
Farnsworth: You lie!
Bender: You do not!
Hermes: I'm from Jamaica, the "Show Me" island. So show me you're blowing it out your fanny.
Leela: But he gave me his jacket. Look.
Farnsworth: That's not Fry's jacket. Fry's jacket is red. That's your jacket. An off-the-rack, lime green affair.
Leela: But Fry-- His jacket-- And when I woke up it was on me.
Hermes: You're under a lot of guilt stress, Leela. Here, work it off.
Leela: I am not under stress, damnit!
Amy: Everything's going to be alright, Leela.
Leela: What?
Amy: I said everything's going to be alright.
Leela: Oh. Maybe I am freaking out a little.
Bender: A little? You're screwier than my Aunt Rita. And she's a screw!
Leela: I need to calm down. I'd better take some more of that space honey.
Farnsworth: You've been taking space honey? Be careful, you purple-haired imbecile!
Zoidberg!
Hermes: Never!
Bender: Never!
Leela Is that you? I don't need a sponge!
Fry: Why am I sticky and naked? Did I miss something fun?
Farnsworth: Incredible! According to the gizmometer, Fry touched the royal jelly in the space hive, leaving an imprint of his DNA and brainwaves. Then, when it spilled on the couch, it recombined with trace amounts of Fry's hair and skin--
Bender: And blood! Don't forget about Fry's blood!
Farnsworth: Yes, Bender, thank you. In short, the various fluids Fry left in the couch caused the royal jelly to regenerate his entire being.
Fry: Neat!
Bender Let's go get hammered!
Zoidberg: I should warn you, I'm a mean drunk.
Leela: Fry, I'm so glad I didn't kill you.
Fry: Me too.
Leela: Feeling responsible for your death was driving me mad. But now everything is alright.
Fry: Uh, not everything.
Leela: What? What do you mean?
Fry: You have to wake up.
Leela: Wake up? Oh, no! No! It can't be!
Leela: Pooh!
Leela: I'm cracking up. In my dreams I'm happy because Fry is alive. But when I'm awake, my mind plays tricks on me.
Hermes: Oh, take it easy, Leela.
Amy: In every life we have some trouble.
Bender: But when you worry, you make it double.
Amy and Bender: Don't worry! Bee happy!
Farnsworth: The landlord says your rent is late.
Hermes: He might have to litigate.
Bender: But don't worry!
Bee: Bee--
Farnsworth: Happy!
Zoidberg
Feh! You wish!
Bee: Bee--
Zoidberg: Happy!
Hermes: Don't worry now, Amy!
Amy: OK! I'm happy!
Bender Don't worry!
Bee: Bee--
Bender: Happy!
Leela: Uh, were you just singing?
Bender: No, I was telling you not to worry. I'm not allowed to sing. Court order.
Leela: I'll find Fry's coffin, get his corpse and keep it under my mattress to remind me that he's really dead. That'll prove I'm not insane.
Leela: OK, it's just an ordinary coffin. Containing my ordinary dead friend, who I killed.
Leela: What happened? Why am I in my apartment?
Farnsworth You killed Fry! You killed Fry! You killed Fry ...!
Leela: Stop it! Stop it!
Bender: You killed Fry!
Leela Here goes. Goodbye, waking world.
Fry's Photo Listen to me, you don't want to lie in bed like a vegetable and do nothing the rest of your life. I've tried it. Bedsores hurt!
Leela: Then what am I s'posed to do?
Fry's Photo: Fight it!
Leela: I can't!
Fry's Photo: You can! The Leela I know doesn't give up this easily.
Leela Go away!
Fry's Photo: I don't know if you can hear me, Leela, but there's something I wanna tell you. I love you.
Leela: I'm so scared, Fry. I don't know what to do.
Fry's Photo: Just wake up, Leela. Please. Just wake up.
Leela: I don't understand what you mean!
Fry: Just wake up. Please. Just wake up, Leela.
Leela: Fry. You're alive!
Fry: Leela! You're awake!
Leela Where am I?
Fry: In the hospital. The ambulance took you here right after the bee stung you.
Leela. It barely touched me.
Fry: The stinger went right through me and you got all the poison. My new spleen came from a guy who liked to motorcycle.
Hermes: Sweet three-toed sloth of ice planet Hoth! She's awake!
Bender: You were in the best coma I've ever seen!
Amy: The doctor said you'd never wake up.
Leela: Really? How long was I out?
Amy: Two weeks. Fry never left your side for a minute.
Zoidberg: And he talked non-stop. Like a parrot of the sea, he was!
Fry: I though that maybe if you heard a familiar voice it might help keep your mind together. But who knows if it really got through.
Leela It got through.
Leela: You could really use a shower.
Fry: You too!
TV Commentator will return next week at its regular time.
Fry: So who should I root for? America or one of those countries I learned about at the food court?
Amy: How 'bout those guys?
Leela: No, they're from the Republic of French Stereotypes. Everybody hates them.
Farnsworth Sweden? I don't think so!
Hermes: Go on, stick, touch me! Can't do it!
LaBarbara: Husband, you haven't been an Olympic-class limbo-er for 20 years! Quit lying to your podgy self.
Leela: It does seem like Jamaica will be able to field a strong limbo team without you.
Amy: Yeah, isn't that basically all Jamaicans do?
Hermes: Jamaicans have other interests. Which is why the limbo team got detained at the airport.
LaBarbara my husband to step in and make an ass out of himself.
Hermes: And I said I'd try my very best.
Fry, since the old days?
Hermes: I described it to them on the phone ... using a series of artful euphemisms.
Farnsworth It redistributes his weight, shifting his centre of gravity closer to his knees.
Hermes Oh, those haven't descended in years.
Farnsworth a limbo-er's body!
LaBarbara: Look at that fine Jamaican bacon!
Bender Wow! That guy must be like the world's greatest bender. My dreams of glory died before they began.
Zoidberg: Welcome to my life!
Female Announcer: Athletes, please take your lanes for the men's 500 metre limbo.
Barbados Slim: Hermes Conrad, is that you inside that dumpy little fat man?
Hermes: Barbados Slim! What are you doing here? Last time I heard you were in Barbados.
Barbados Slim: Yes and I be going back there with a gold medal draped around my elegant Caribbean shoulders.
Hermes But today, I feel lucky.
Barbados Slim: I see you're still able to limbo under the bar of fashion sense!
Hermes: That's it, Barbados Slim. You've gone one toke over the line!
Man: Limbo-ers, on your marks. Get rubbery. Limbo!
Commentator What's this? Hermes Conrad is closing the gap. He's limbo-ed out of retirement and straight into my heart. I say go to hell, Barbados Slim!
Farnsworth: Go, bodysuit, go!
Zoidberg: Go!
Bender: C'mon!
LaBarbara: C'mon, Hermes, beat that mahogany god!
Commentator And Conrad is disqualified! Barbados Slim, my hero, takes the gold!
LaBarbara You did your best. If I'd wanted a human Adonis for a husband, I'd have stayed married to Barbados Slim.
Bender: Well, enough about Hermes. I couldn't win a medal either. Even at bending, the thing I was built to do. I'm so embarrassed. I wish everybody else was dead.
Female Announcer: Up next, the Fembot bending competition.
Bender events! But the charade would require subtlety, nuance, grace.
Bender: What do you mean I'm not registered? My name is Coilette and I'm from, uh ... Robonia! Coilette's a chick's name!
Official: Yes but "Robonia" sounds like something somebody made up on the spot.
Bender: Ever been beaten up by a guy dressed like a chick?
Commentator: And it's straight! Coilette wins!
Commentator: Another gold medal for the spunky maid from Robonia.
Commentator Perfect scores! A record five gold medals for Coilette!
Bender: I'm great! Everybody else sucks! Except that guy Bender. He's really somethin'!
Female Announcer: All medallists report for gender testing.
Leela: You actually thought they'd let you walk away without an engine oil sex check?
Bender Wait, I've got it! Professor, make a woman out of me!
Farnsworth: Oh, I think we should just stay friends.
Bender: I don't need friends. I need a sex change operation and give it to me now!
Farnsworth: Bender, a robot sex change is a complex and dangerous procedure. Replacing your testosteroil with Fembot lubricants can cause wild mood swings. And the effects may be irreversible. Well, let's get started!
Leela: No, you can't!
Amy: If you have even the slightest respect for the dignity of women--
Bender: Pft.
Farnsworth: I'm sorry, ladies, but I must do this. Not for you, not for Bender, but for the proud people of Robonia!
Bender: C'mon!
Fry: I can't watch this 'cause it's creepy and wrong and sick. However, I will watch out of curiosity.
Farnsworth I'm about to begin the process of reshaping Bender's body into a tender, delicate form.
Farnsworth Removing item.
Robot.
Coilette: I'm ready for my test now, boys.
Coilette: Hail, hail, Robonia. A land I didn't make up.
Coilette: Ooh, yeah! Come on, baby! Boom!
Coilette: Oh, yeah, baby! C'mon! Work your cans! That's it! Shake it out!
Leela: I don't know which I'm more: Enraged or disgusted.
Coilette: I'm just out there making us ladies look good.
Amy: Snuh-uh! You're making us look like jerks in front of the other genders.
Fry: But you're not really a lady anyway. Right?
Coilette: Of course not.
Farnsworth: Dear Lord! A coaster! The Femmzoil must be sachet-ing girlishly into your processor.
Coilette I need a rain check on that nad-swap, Professor. I'm going on TV. C'mon, Fry. Help me pick out a pantsuit.
Humorbot 5.0?
Calculon: No, I think it's self-explanatory.
Calculon: Nooo!
Calculon: Funny story: The script called for me to say "yes" but I gave it a little twist.
Humorbot 5.0 So, Coilette, many young Fembot's wish to emulate you. Any advice for them?
Coilette Woo! Look out, baby! Work it out! Ooh, shake that thing! You gotta use it, lady! Shake it up a little! That's right. Come on! Look at that!
Calculon: Madam, I am one impressed celebrity.
Coilette: Oh, I bet you say that to all the five-Olympic-gold medal-winning Fembots!
Calculon: From this day forward I shall do so whenever possible.
Coilette: Golly ... what?
Calculon: Coilette, this may be presumptuous--
Coilette: That's my favourite kind of this!
Calculon: But I would be honoured if you would join me for dinner sometime.
Coilette: Calculon, you'd be fulfilling this naive Robonian farmgirl's fantasy.
Calculon: Of course I would.
Coilette: This top makes me look fat. Is it trampy to go on a first date nude?
Amy: Yes.
Coilette: Perfect.
Fry: You gotta tell me: You're not actually attracted to Calculon, right? And if you are, don't tell me. Are you?
Coilette: Certainly not. But just once I'd like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isn't bound and gagged. Is that so much to ask?
Leela too much lipstick on.
Coilette Ooh, yeah! That's the stuff! Men love it when you really glob it on.
Leela: No, they don't.
Amy: No way!
Coilette I tell you, men are so much better at being women.
Fry: But what if he wants to-- I mean, if he tries to ... uh ... Barry White?
Coilette: I'll just tell him I need a commitment first. That'll stick a potato in his tailpipe!
Hermes: Good Lord, man! What kind of temporary woman are you?
Coilette: Look, why don't all of you just back off? Can't a girl enjoy herself without being judged?
Farnsworth: Oh, dear. Her mood swings are getting wilder. She's becoming a slave to her emotions. Just like all women. Particularly you, Leela.
Leela: I'm worried about him too, Professor.
Elzar: Hey, ma'am, you sure can put it away! You saved me a trip to the dump. Bam!
Calculon the young lady.
Elzar: Well, I'd appreciate it if I did. So I guess we're even.
Calculon I've never met anyone like you.
Coilette: Oh, yes, you have.
Calculon quality time with you.
Coilette: What? Ah! Whoa! No way! Not gonna happen. What kind of girl do you think I am?
Calculon: Have I mentioned that I own the world's biggest and most elegant yacht?
Coilette: Woo! I'm a trophy girlfriend!
Amy I think Calculon's falling for you.
Coilette: Bah! Any day now he'll dump me for a new wad of arm candy. And then I can turn back into a guy and hock all this stuff! It's just a game.
Calculon ... Will you marry me?
Coilette: Oh, Calculon! Yes, I will!
Amy: Maybe she's right about the lipstick.
Fry: I'll miss you, buddy. You've been like a brother and then a sister to me. And now you're getting married. I love you, man.
Coilette: The marriage is a scam.
Fry: Cool. What's for dinner?
Leela: What do you mean "a scam"?
Coilette: I marry Calculon, divorce him, take half his money and turn back into a guy. It's sort of a two-person pyramid scheme.
Fry: That's marriage alright!
Leela unbelievably manipulative.
Coilette: Come on! You never went on a date with a guy just 'cause you were hungry?
Leela: Well I, uh, I thought I might like him on a full stomach.
Coilette Zoidypoo, please tell me frilly is in this year.
Zoidberg Order the cake, damnit!
Calculon: I have something for you.
Coilette: A remote control? You got me a TV?
Calculon: No, my dearest, it's the remote control to my heart. It symbolises the power you have to sway my emotions.
Coilette: Will it work on my TV?
Calculon: We don't need TVs, we have each other! Coilette, if I weren't able to spend my life with you I would leap from this very balloon.
Coilette: Come on with that. Really?
Calculon.
Coilette: So ... you really and truly love me?
Calculon: So much so that I'm prepared to give up showbusiness itself to be with you.
Coilette: But, you always said you'd rather burn down a convent than give up showbusiness.
Calculon: I always said many things. But now all I want is a peaceful life and a quiet villa overlooking a vineyard ... with you.
Coilette: Would we have donkeys?
Calculon: All you could eat!
Coilette: Oh, take me in your arms and compress me. Compress me tight!
Calculon: Stop! Let us climb to the heavens that the gods themselves might envy us!
Coilette: I just don't think I can go through with this scam.
Amy: What?
Fry wanna marry him?
Coilette: No, I just don't wanna hurt him, or humiliate him. Oh, curse this woman's heart!
Fry: Eck!
Farnsworth: You're falling into the final debilitating stages of womanhood. You've waited too long to switch back, you ding bat!
Leela: OK, look. If I help you with this do you promise to get out of my gender and stay out?
Coilette: Uh-huh.
Leela: Alright. Now there's no way to stop this marriage without hurting Calculon. But he's an actor. If there's one kind of pain he can handle, it's soap opera pain.
Leela: OK, is everyone ready?
Fry: Check.
Amy: Uh-huh.
Hermes: Yep!
Zoidberg: Basically.
Preacherbot: Dearly beloved actors and casting people who might be looking for someone to play a preacher, I welcome you. The bride has written some vows that we will now all pretend to be interested in.
Coilette: Dearest Calculon, forever is not enough time to tell you of the many ways I love you.
Hedonismbot: Oh, my!
Calculon: Is there a doctor in the--
Zoidberg It appears to be a case of African hydraulic fever!
Calculon: Dear God! The very illness my TV character caught in season two when I was holding out for more money. It's often fatal.
Coilette: Whatever happens, remember, the flame of my eternal love will burn forever.
Calculon: Of course. But, smoochiepups, I thought one could only catch hydraulic fever deep in the diamond mines of the Congo.
Leela You really thought you could steal those diamonds from me and Congo Jack?
Coilette: Those gems belong to the natives!
Leela: Hi-yah!
Calculon Why?
Coilette Congo Jack!
Calculon: Another shocking twist!
Fry ... is from Congo Jack.
Coilette: Uh, um...
Calculon N-O-O-O!
Coilette ... et cetera.
Calculon: I do. I do.
Coilette: OK then.
Zoidberg: I'm a doctor, she's dead.
Calculon.
Calculon every emotion an actor can display.
Farnsworth: Turn off that crap-o-rama! One mistake now and Bender will be trapped forever between the already ill-defined robot sexes.
Coilette: Ow! Ooh! Ow! Oh!
Fry: Well, Bender, I hope this has taught you a lesson about changing your sex to win five gold medals.
Coilette: It truly has. My romance with Calculon has shown me a lot about myself.
Farnsworth: Almost done.
Coilette: If only somehow, someway, he and I could--
Bender: Drive to Vegas, pick up some Flooziebots and void their warranties all night long!
Fry: Yay! My buddy's home! And his respect for women is back to normal.
Leela: I kind of hoped this whole experience would have left you a little more open to your sensitive side.
Bender: Yeah, you'd think, but what you gonna do?
Calculon: Coilette, the skies themselves weep upon the sweetest flower of all the field.
Leela: Aw!
Amy: Aw!
Fry: Ew!
Zoidberg: Gross.
Farnsworth: Sentimental drivel-poop.
Fry: C'mon, Bender, let's go. This chick-flick is getting me all barfy.
Bender: Yeah. Emotions are dumb and should be hated.
Calculon: Goodnight, Coilette, my turtle dove.
Bender: Goodnight, Calculon.
Leela: What did you say?
Bender I still got it!
Man: $10, please.
Fry: Aw, man!
Nannybot 1.0: Sleep, little dumpling. I have replaced your mother.
Leela: Aw!
Bender: Oh, my God! Robot beely-boppers!
Fry You should try it out, Bender.
Bender dignity!
Wernstrom: Ladies and gentlemen, my Killbot features Lotus Notes and a machine gun. It is the finest available.
Farnsworth: Like fun it is, you glass-headed wallaby!
Wernstrom: No one calls me that! I'm having at you!
Farnsworth!
Farnsworth's Killbot: Such senseless aggression.
Wernstrom's Killbot: Come on. Let's go for a paddle-boat ride.
Bender hard!
Announcer the robot industry--
Fry: I get it!
Announcer: Mom!
Fry I get it!
Mom: Hello, dearies.
Bender: Woo! I love that old bat!
Mom I give you ... Robot 1-X!
Larry: Ow!
Igner: Ow! Oh!
Bender: Neat!
Mom: Quite frankly, Robot 1-X will put all my previous models to shame. Incidentally, would one of my previous models mind coming up here?
Bender: Right here! I'm comin'! C'mon, baby! I'll do it! C'mon, Mom!
Refreshment-bot: Jerk!
Bender: Here we go. I'm your top of the line, Mom.
Mom on pollution and emits pure oxygen with a fresh pine scent.
Bender: Man, that smells great!
Mom: Now, let's see how both robots do at a typical household task: Sorting a jar of pocket change.
Robot 1-X: Task completed. Total value, $4.73 and one Albanian lek.
Mom: Very good, Robot 1-X. And you, bending unit?
Bender Suckers.
Mom: Presenting Mom's Friendly Robots.
Bender: That new robot is great, huh? Sure made me look like a pile of crap!
Farnsworth: Indeed. That's why I bought one to help around the office.
Bender: Eep!
Leela: Let's try him out. Robot 1-X, can you clean Nibbler's stanky litterbox?
Robot 1-X: I can and will.
Bender: Hey, I could have done that if you'd asked me.
Leela: I asked you five minutes ago.
Bender C'mere, Nibbler!
Farnsworth: Oh, look, Bender. If you want something to do stop making out and give us a hand.
Hermes: Here. Go up on the roof and install this fake satellite dish so we can impress the neighbours.
Bender: Yes, sir. I'm on it!
Hermes: Oh, and have Robot 1-X help you.
Bender: Get outta here, freshman! I don't need your help.
Robot 1-X: Our owners asked me to assist you.
Bender: Yeah? Well assist this!
Bender: When I screamed "help" I didn't mean you!
Robot 1-X: I apologise. However, I was able to do your job before I saved your life.
Bender: Don't mind me. I'm just saving you the trouble of throwing me away.
Amy: Spleesh! Mell out, Bender. Come watch some TV.
Bender: I can't. I'm stuck in the can.
Leela: Well, ask Robot 1-X to pull you out.
Bender: Never!
Leela: Why can't you accept his help?
Bender: I hate him.
Leela: But he's just a tool to make your life easier. Like a socket wrench or a burglar's kit.
Bender: I can't ask for his help because--
Farnsworth: Yes?
Bender: I'm scared of him.
Leela: Oh, sorry.
Farnsworth: Well then there's only one solution: You need an upgrade to make you compatible with Robot 1-X's new technology.
Bender: An upgrade? But I thought we all agreed I was perfect! Fry, didn't we agree I was perfect?
Fry: Oh, yeah, no, you're pretty perfect.
Bender think I need an upgrade?
Farnsworth: Yes! For God's sakes, yes!
Bender: Fine. I'll be back in a few days.
Roberto: Man, I hate those new 1-X robots. I'd like to stab 'em! Give 'em some of these!
Bender: Yeah! Right on, nutcake!
Roberto I love those magnificent 1-X robots! The 1-X robots are my friends.
Bender: W-W-Wait! What happened to your enthusiasm for stabbing them?
Roberto: I'm past that. Later, blood!
Bender I changed my mind!
Bender Oh, jeez!
Bender: Curse you, merciful Poseidon!
Bender There. Well, I guess I'll go out for a while.
Bender: Damn. One rock short of rescue!
Bender Oh, no! Guess I'll do what I always do when I run out of booze.
Bender: Don't panic, I've got these yams. I'll just make some yam schnapps.
Bender! Now turn around.
Bender Ow!
Bender Ow!
Bender: Who are you and why should I care?
Cartridge Unit To live a simpler existence, free of technology.
Bender: A working cartridge unit? Wow! You guys went obsolete years ago!
Cartridge Unit: Your mother.
Lisa Anyway, we like it here.
Bender So what's your problem?
Sinclair: Not enough... uh--
Bender: Memory?
Sinclair: Oh, great. Now I remember that word but I forgot my wife's face.
Lisa If you'd like, you're welcome to join our society.
Bender: Look, no offence, but I need technology. Especially email and snowmobiles. And television! Without television how will I know what's buzz-worthy?
Sinclair: Why would you wanna watch TV when you can watch a snail crawl for hours on end?
Bender: That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard.
Bender: Oh, man! He's never gonna make it over that next pebble! Wait, wait! Oh, my God! He made it!
Lisa: Yeah!
Sinclair: Way to go!
Bender Yeah, baby! C'mon!
Lisa: Where did you get that CD?
Bender: It's one of my ten desert island discs. I never really thought I'd get to use them. But look at me now. Ooh, yeah, baby! Do that thang!
Lisa: CDs are unnatural. Why don't you just listen to the ocean?
Bender Take that, Beethoven, you deaf bastard!
Bender: Bang, bang, bang. You sure got this life thing figured out, cymbal-banging monkey.
Lisa: Hi, Bender. We know how much you miss technology, so we brought you this washing machine that drifted ashore.
Bender You--!
Lisa: What? I don't understand.
Sinclair: Is he alright?
Bender: Wretched technology has brought me nothing but misery!
Cartridge Unit technology. You're the most advanced thing on this entire island.
Bender But not for long!
Bender: Oh! Ow, that hurt! Oh!
Lisa: The downgrade is complete!
Bender: Behold, my hand crafted purity. The modern world can bite my splintery, wooden ass!
Lisa: Welcome to your new life of simple tranquillity.
Bender: Pft! Forget that. I say the whole world must learn of our peaceful ways. By force!
Cartridge Unit: What?!
Bender: We're going back to civilisation to wage war on technology!
Cartridge Unit: What?!
Bender: Row, comrades! Row!
Bender: We'll soon stage an attack on technology worthy of being chronicled in an anthem by Rush!
Lisa: We've been sailing for three weeks. Maybe I should check our position with the periscope.
Bender: Mirrors reflecting mirrors? Hi-tech sorcery! Sorcery, I say!
Lisa: Did you see anything?
Bender: Yep, we're there. Prepare to surface!
Bender: And now, technology shall taste the lash of the hickory switch!
Sinclair: Technology is defeated. Let us return to the island and celebrate by counting rocks!
Cartridge Unit: I'm for that!
Bender Aim for their power lines. They're the devil's veins and electricity is his blood.
Lisa: Bender, If we don't survive the attack, I want you to know ... I love you.
Bender: OK, fine. Fire!
Farnsworth: Oh! I'm blind!
Leela: Professor, we have no power.
Farnsworth: What do you mean "no power"? We're living in the future.
Leela: I'd better light some candles.
Bender: Friends, I've come to free you from your complicated lives. Free you from the "complicated" part I mean not the "lives" part.
Leela: Oh, Lord, he's made of wood! What now, Bender?
Bender: I got a downgrade! I'm a steam-powered wooden robot, just as nature intended. Therefore, I must kill Robot 1-X.
Farnsworth: That's just stupid.
Robot 1-X: Does Mr. Bender wish me to destroy myself?
Bender Target Robot 1-X and fire!
Farnsworth: You wanged my ship, you walnut-panelled idiot!
Bender: Try again, Sinclair. I said "target Robot 1-X"!
Sinclair: Who's Robot 1-X? Launching.
Zoidberg: So, I guess everything worked out fine.
Leela: Great! Now we're being crushed.
Amy: Help us, wooden Bender!
Bender What the--? Termites? Well, I don't need legs to save my friends. I'll just use the old extentromatic arms!
Hermes we're dying!
Bender Ow! Lousy primitive body! Oh, why didn't I get that upgrade? I'm an outdated piece of junk!
Robot 1-X: Sir, might I recommend--
Bender still be the hero who everyone says how great he was!
Robot 1-X: How may I help you?
Bender And Zoidberg!
Amy: Look! My hair got singed into an even cuter do!
Fry: Hey, where's Bender?
Bender I'm so sorry, guys. I never meant to hurt you. Just to destroy everything you ever believed in.
Leela: Well, at least you saved us from, uh, you. Thank God you finally overcame your incompatibility with Robot 1-X.
Bender: Oh, yeah, we were totally in sync! I was like "Save them!" and he was all "No problem!" and then he did it--
Bender I love those magnificent 1-X robots. The 1-X robots are my friends!
Fatbot: It's like his personality is totally different now! Oh, maybe this upgrade isn't such a good idea.
Bender Hey! What's the dealy-o?
Technician: Your upgrade is complete.
Bender: But I destroyed the technology of the world. I ran on the beach and felt the sand between my foot cups.
Technician: Everyone experiences the upgrade differently.
Bender: Oof. If that stuff wasn't real, how can I be sure anything is real? Is it not possible, nay, probable, that my whole life is just a product of my or someone else's imagination?
Technician Next.
Bender Oh, thanks, baby!
Farnsworth: Oh, Lordy Lou! Help!
Fry: I know you've rejected me a lot before but, frankly, I wasn't sure we were right for each other either. But now I am. So how 'bout a date tonight?
Leela: Sorry. I think I, um, I think I left my toaster on.
Farnsworth: Buddha! Zeus! God! One of you guys do something!
Fry: Come on, Leela, what's the real reason you won't go out with me?
Farnsworth: Help! Satan! You owe me!
Leela I have sweaty boot rash.
Amy: No spluh! Why do you think I'm sitting over here in the stink-free zone?
Fry: So, will you go out with me?
Farnsworth You'll have to throw it into the sun itself. For only the thermo-nuclear inferno of the sun has enough energy to ensure its total destruction.
Bender: I can hit it with a shovel.
Farnsworth: That's not good enough.
Bender: This one time I pounded a guy into the ground like a stake with a shovel.
Farnsworth: Yes, yes.
Zoidberg: So what's in the box, already?
Farnsworth I don't know what's in there but I'm sure our minds would be unable to comprehend it.
Hermes: Ow! You hurt my collator!
Farnsworth Pretty tantalising though!
Fry: Whatever's in there, it's the only thing I've ever wanted.
Zoidberg Give me the box!
Hermes Here, Leela. Take this and use it to shoot those guys.
Leela: Right. If they try to look in the box.
Hermes: Whatever.
Fry: Let's just forget about the box. The Professor said to stay away.
Bender: Fry, how can you be so naive? He was joking. Get it?
Fry: No.
Bender OK, he wasn't joking. Now shut up and follow me.
Fry: Ow! It's hot! The butter in my pocket is melting.
Bender: We thank you, Bender, for the gift we are about to receive.
Fry: Tangled-up Christmas lights! We can take shifts untangling them.
Bender: And unlabeled booze! Wide-mouth too!
Leela I can guard the real box in peace now that no one's curious about it.
Leela Oh, it's deep. Deeper than a small box should be.
Leela A: Ouch! My lawyer will hear about this!
Fry 1: Leela, what have you done?
Leela A: Nothing. What do you mean "Why was I looking in the box?"
Fry 1: I mean your hair. It's all different-y.
Leela A: Bender? Is that you?
Bender 1: You know it! Large and in charge!
Farnsworth 1: Leela? Oh, there's a woman for you! Always dyeing her hair instead of not looking in a box.
Leela A: I didn't dye my hair. This is how I always look.
Bender 1 This throws my entire perception of reality into question. Clone? Robot? Or long-lost twin? Taking all bets! I also offer video poker.
Fry 1: It's some guy wearing a Leela costume! Get him!
Leela A: Hold it! You have this all wrong. I just fell into the box and then I fell out somehow.
Fry 1: You shut up, sir!
Farnsworth 1: No, wait! I've got it. I know what's in the box. Oh, I've been as dumb as Fry.
Fry 1: Am not!
Farnsworth 1: It contains a parallel universe. And when you create a parallel universe, it's almost always populated by evil twins.
Leela A: Now, look: I am not evil. My loan officer said so.
Farnsworth 1?
Bender 1: Oh, this is awful. Somewhere there's a Bender more evil than me. I do my best, damnit!
Farnsworth 1 Here.
Leela A jerks.
Zoidberg A: Hello!
Leela 1: Hi-yah!
Zoidberg A: Ow!
Leela 1: Come out of your universe with your hands up!
Fry A: Oh, wow! It's like that drug trip I saw in that movie when I was on that drug trip.
Farnsworth A: Astonishing! I must have created a parallel universe.
Farnsworth 1 universe. All you created was my fist parallel to your face.
Farnsworth A: Ow.
Leela A: Look, it doesn't matter who created what. The important thing is-- Yah!
Leela 1: We're exactly the same. I know all her moves. Therefore, I've got the upper hand.
Farnsworth 1: Now, now. Perfectly symmetrical violence never solved anything.
Farnsworth A As you can see, I accidentally created a box containing your universe.
Farnsworth 1: While I, in a simultaneous blunder, created a box containing your universe.
Leela A: This is getting confusing. Why don't we call our universe "Universe A" and this universe "Universe B"?
Bender 1: Hey! Why can't we be Universe A?
Fry 1: Yeah!
Amy 1: Yeah!
Farnsworth 1: We want A!
Zoidberg 1: It's the best letter!
Fry A: We called it first. Besides, this place kinda feels like a "B", y'know?
Leela 1: Alright, you can be crummy Universe A and we'll be Universe 1.
Fry 1: Or "The Mongooses". That's a cool team name. The Fighting Mongooses!
Farnsworth A: Wait a second. If everyone is identical, why did our Leela look into the box and your Leela didn't?
Leela 1: Well, to be honest, I tossed a coin. It came up tails so I didn't look.
Leela A: That's weird. Mine came up heads, so I did.
Farnsworth A: Interesting. Apparently, the key difference between our universes is that coin flips have opposite outcomes.
Bender A I tossed a coin to pick my finish. Fog hat grey!
Bender 1: Hey! Bite my glorious golden ass!
Farnsworth A box with our universe in it?
Farnsworth 1: Oh, you'd like to get back to your evil universe, wouldn't you? And destroy your box with our universe inside it.
Farnsworth A: Nonsense! I would never do such a thing unless you were already having been going to do that!
Farnsworth 1: Wha?
Farnsworth A: You heard me!
Farnsworth 1 counterpart.
Farnsworth A: And you all do the same!
Leela 1: Um, can Fry and I watch our parallel selves together? We have plans tonight.
Leela A?!
Fry 1: Oh, no, no. We're married.
Bender A: I've got my eye on you, boy!
Bender 1: Don't even think about it, lunch-pail! You'd be dead before you hit the ground.
Bender A: Good point. Whattya say we just hit a strip joint?
Bender 1 Bender A, you're a prince among robots. Can you forgive me for distrusting you?
Bender A: Aw! I can't stay mad at what is essentially me. I love me!
Amy 1: This is so great! I always wanted an imaginary friend!
Amy A nail polish?
Amy 1 evil. And shallow.
Amy A evil!
Leela A: So, Fry, Leela, how'd you two get together?
Fry 1: Funny story. I asked Leela out a million times but she just kept rejecting me.
Leela 1: I'd make up stuff like "I have sweaty boot rash" or "I have to meet the President"!
Fry 1: Oh, man, you never heard such excuses! But, like a dope, I believed her. Looking back on it now, it's kinda funny.
Fry A: It sure is. Right, Leela? Funny. Ha ha ha ha!
Leela 1: Then one night, when Fry asked me out, the only excuse I could think of involved ghosts. I knew he wouldn't buy it, so I did what I always do in those situations.
Leela A: Oh, Lord...
Leela 1: I flipped a coin. It came up heads and we went out.
Fry A flipped a coin too? And it was tails? So that's why you said you had to meet that ghost.
Leela 1: You really missed out on something, Leela. That date was magical.
Fry 1: One year later, I gave Leela a diamond scrunchie and we were married.
Leela A: Ooh!
Fry A Scrunchie!
Farnsworth 1: Well, that was pointless.
Farnsworth A: Say, I hope you won't think it "evil" of me to ask how you got that stylish head wound.
Farnsworth 1: Oh, this old thing? I was experimenting to see if I could remove my own brain.
Farnsworth A: Of course! I had the same idea. I flipped a coin to decide if I should proceed. But it came up tails, so I didn't. How'd it go?
Farnsworth 1 was the easy part. The hard part was getting the brain out!
Farnsworth A: Oh, you!
Zoidberg 1: So, tell me about yourself.
Zoidberg A: Well, don't look into it, but I'm a respected internal medicine doctor. Ooh! A can!
Zoidberg 1 I'm lying! I'm an appalling failure!
Zoidberg A: Me too! A big, fat one!
Zoidberg 1: And those co-workers, always looking down on us Zoidbergs. What are they, from Nob Hill?
Zoidberg A: They're all like "Stop spraying me with ink, Zoidberg!" "Put on pants, Zoidberg!" "Don't touch our fancy box, Zoidberg!"
Zoidberg 1: Oh, that box! Too good for us, is it?
Zoidberg A Zoidberg caresses their fancy box.
Zoidberg 1: You know, maybe a certain blue lobster saw where Professor hid the box.
Farnsworth 1: Good news, everyones!
Farnsworth A: After carefully reading the scriptures, we've concluded that none of us are evil.
Farnsworth 1: Yes, the Bible is the real good news. Anyhow, you're all free to go back to your own universe.
Hermes 1: What's goin' on here? Why aren't you all out destroying the Professor's box?
Leela 1: Hermes, aren't you curious about the fact that there's two of everybody?
Hermes 1: No. Now like my granny used to say back in her tarpaper shack on Montego Bay, "If you want a box hurled into the sun, you got to do it yourself."
Farnsworth 1: Your granny can go to hell! I've hidden the box so no one can destroy the home universe of my handsome friend here.
Farnsworth A: Oh, go on! Wait a second. If your Hermes was about to destroy the box containing our universe...
Farnsworth 1 Hermes...
Farnsworth A: Oh, my!
Narrator: And sure enough...
Hermes: Like Granny said, "If you want a box hurled into the sun, you got to do it yourself." God rest her zombie bones.
Leela A: So we go back through the box and stop Hermes?
Farnsworth A: Right. Good thing Professor B there hid it in the coelacanth tank. No one but a crazy lobster would look there!
Farnsworth 1: It's gone!
Zoidberg A Now it's my turn, maybe?
Zoidberg 1: The box says no.
Narrator: Meanwhile in Universe A, Hermes A heads towards the sun ... A.
Hermes That's a big check.
Hermes 1: If I know parallel Hermes, he's at the sun by now.
Bender 1: Our universe is doomed!
Bender 1 and Bender A!
Farnsworth 1: Now don't give up yet, you cry babies. The box is gone but we still have one preposterously slim hope.
Amy A: Is it a kind of hairspray?
Farnsworth A: No! We must attempt to make another box containing our universe. Doy!
Fry 1: Well? Is that your universe in there?
Fry A: Nope. Too cold.
Farnsworth A I'll put this one aside for later.
Hermes 1: Oh, man, it's hopeless! We'll never find your universe in time. Plus, this box is stuck on my fat head.
Farnsworth 1: Yes, it's the apocalypse alright. I always thought I'd have a hand in it.
Bender 1: I'm not sad because I finally found someone as great as me. It's like I always say, "Make new friends and keep the old. One is silver--"
Bender A: "And the other's gold."
Zoidberg 1: Why with the long faces?
Leela 1: The idiots have the box!
Zoidberg A: I think she means you.
Farnsworth 1: Grab them!
Zoidberg 1: You coward! Wait for me!
Amy: Blug! Which one did they go into?
Farnsworth A: Oh, let's all ask each other! That'll solve this problem!
Farnsworth 1: We'll each have to search a universe. Everyone, grab a length of wire first so you can find your way back.
Amy 1: Hello? Did you see two smelly lobsters?
Hermes 25 ... ever!
Fry: Yo! Uh, did two shellfish in scrubs go by?
Fry 1729: Hell, no!
Leela 1729: Shut up!
Bender 1729: Beat it, jerk!
Leela A: Uh, have you robot versions of you guys seen any extra Zoidbergs around here?
Fry 31: Negative. Will you go out with me?
Leela A: Uh, access denied.
Bender 1: Hey, pal, look what I snagged from the Leprechaun Universe!
Bender Universe!
Bender 1: Faith and begorra!
Farnsworth XVII?
Zoidberg A: Quick! Into another box!
Zoidberg 1: There aren't any in this universe, there aren't. Hey, you, what with the no boxes?
Farnsworth 420 right now.
Farnsworth 1: There they are!
Farnsworth A: Gotcha!
Farnsworth 420: Dig it! All of you fitting in this boxed is like seriously freaked up!
Farnsworth 1: Nonsense! Why, there's a whole universe in there.
Farnsworth 420: Dude, there's a universe in all of us.
Amy 420: Right on, Professor Freaksworth!
Farnsworth A We've got the box. Everyone, pull your wires.
Farnsworth A: Hurry! Back to Universe A!
Farnsworth A: Hermes, don't press that button!
Hermes: OK.
Fry A: Bye.
Leela A: Good luck, Leela.
Zoidberg A: So long, Your Majesty!
Amy 1: Later!
Fry: There but for the flip of a coin go we. So, um, Leela? Seeing how the universe wasn't destroyed, you wanna catch an ape fight? You know, together?
Leela: Well, I guess you deserve one more flip.
Fry: So, heads or tails?
Leela: Y'know, let's just say it's heads.
Farnsworth: Ready?
Farnsworth: and  One, two, three, pull!
Farnsworth: There. That space-time eversion has given us their box and vice versa.
Leela: So, what you think you just explained to us is that--
Farnsworth: Correct! This box contains our own universe.
Hermes: Sweet honey bee of infinity!
Leela: Bender! Quit destroying the universe!
Bender: But--
Farnsworth: Yes, all that is and ever shall be is in that box. And the box itself is probably worth something too. We must cherish it, as we cherish every moment of our lives.
Announcer And to the victor belong the spoils; one trillion dollars in silken treasure.
Zapp: Mmm!
Nixon: My fellow Earthicans, after meeting with top voodoo economists, I have decided to refund our silk surplus to you, the taxpayers. That's right! I've sent you each 300 buckaroos in the form of a Tricky Dick Fun Bill. Knock yourselves out!
Zoidberg: Money!
Amy: I'm slightly richer!
Bender: What to do, what to do? One $300 hookerbot or 300 $1 hookerbots?
Leela: I'm going to swim with a whale. They're the gentle giants of the deep.
Farnsworth: I'm well aware of that.
Scruffy: Scruffy's gonna get himself one of them $300 haircuts. This one's lost its pizzazz!
Zoidberg: A fortune, it is! At last Zoidberg will live like a rich man!
Nixon: Hey, cut it out! Go away! Get away!
Amy: Shmeesh! It's just 300 bucks. What is that, like a hundred cups of coffee?
Fry Coffee machine, one cup of coffee, please.
Nixon: Smells good!
Zapp: Leela? Are you there?
Leela: No.
Zapp: Oh, yes, you are! I'm hereby inviting you and your oddball co-workers to a special reception to display the national silk surplus. I believe you know the heroic space stallion who captured it. Show them my medal, Kif.
Kif: He rented it with his tax refund.
Zapp: So, Leela, will you have the pleasure?
Leela: What little there is to be had.
Zapp: Tomorrow night at eight them. Smooches!
Crack Addict: No cheap crack houses for me no more!
Man #1: Very good, sir. Shall I pre-warm sir's crack pipe?
Amy: Oh, Kif, it was so romantic of you to rent this paddle plane with your tax rebate. We're like two dandelion seeds wafting on the breeze.
Kif: Yes. Seeds ... wafting.
Amy: I almost feel kinda shallow for blowing my rebate on this cool talking tattoo!
Tattoo #1: Hey, Gordon Gecko! I cost as much as this whole crummy date!
Amy Ow!
Farnsworth: Uh, ma'am, it has become too much of a chore for me to clean out my wrinkles each day. Is it true that stem cells may fight the aging process?
Geneworks Woman: Well, yes. In the same way an infant may fight Muhammad Ali. But--
Farnsworth: One pound of stem cells, please.
Geneworks Woman: Of course, any age-reversing effects will be purely temporary.
Bender: Say, buddy, why's this Grand Cigar so pricey?
Clerk and was buried with George Burns until graverobbing space mushrooms-- Uh, well you know the rest.
Bender: Give you 300 bucks for it.
Clerk: No can do.
Bender: Oh, alright, I'll just take these $300 burglars tools then.
Clerk: Very good, sir.
Bender: So, uh, what time d'you close tonight?
Dwight: Hey, Pops! Did that tax rebate come?
Hermes With a warning label this big, you know they gotta be fun.
Dwight: But, Pops, I don't wanna have fun. I wanna be like you; boring but prudently invested.
Hermes: Babylon's bells! I tallied almost 300 bananas on this entertainment product. Now you put 'em on and have fun.
Dwight: I don't wanna!
Hermes Dwight! Help me!
Dwight: I'll save you, Pops!
Farnsworth Up!
Hermes: Isn't this fun?
Dwight: No! I wish I had two mommies!
Randy: Try these, uh, sir.
Zoidberg.
Randy: Ow!
Leela: I'd like a pass to swim with Mushu, please.
Whale Biologist Especially Mushu.
Leela: Then why'd you become a whale biologist?
Whale Biologist Noon tomorrow. If you're late you only get to tread water in the scallop tank.
Fry: Uh, I'll have a coffee.
Man #2: Guppy, trout, mermaid or--
Fry: Whale, please.
Kif: Amy, I-I also spent some of my tax rebate on a gift for you.
Amy: Oh, Kiffie!
Kif: It shows the time wherever we both are. And it's powered by love! Also, you have to wind it.
Tattoo #1: Oh! Somebody won big at Skeeball!
Amy Hi, Fry and Leela!
Kif: Oh! Keep peddling! Oh, for the love of God, keep peddling!
Amy: Bye, Fry and Leela!
Tattoo #1: Oh, I can't wait until the tattoos on Amy's butt hear about this!
Tattoo #2: Hear about what?
Tattoo #3: Tell us!
Amy: Don't feel sad, my little tadpole.
Kif: I'm trying not to. But my gift to you is in the belly of a whale.
Zoidberg: Say, this reminds me of that time I ate that other watch Kif gave you.
Amy: Hey, it is kinda like that.
Zoidberg What a Valentine's Day that was!
Leela: Hmm. This may seem like a huge coincidence, but I happen to have an in with that whale.
Scruffy: Scruffy's formulated a plan, but you'll need a ready source of nauseatin' rotten fish.
Elzar: Freshen your coffee, sir?
Fry: Yeah, yeah, yeah! Keep it coming! Put the pot down! Get away!
April: You're so young in spirit. It's hard to believe you're as old as 25.
Farnsworth: The key is to grab life by the hojos! Live every day like it might be your last.
Elzar: What'll it be, kids?
Farnsworth: One bowl of mild farina.
Leela Hi-yah!
Elzar and caviar.
Zoidberg Pah! Where's the goose? Where's the fish?
Elzar: Hey, that's what rich people eat. The garbage parts of the food.
Zoidberg Farewell, good sir!
Bender: Le Grand Cigar! She is mine! And with absolutely no consequences.
Smitty: You see that?
URL: Grand theft tobacco. Time to get off our fat, cop asses and ride!
Elzar: Pee-yew! This fish is slightly too rotten to even make jambalaya.
Amy: So far, so good. Where's Kif?
Fry And the cup's shaking! I don't want my coffee shaking!
Bender: You seem a tad wound up, buddy. And your face is greasy. Real greasy! You been up all night?
Fry Coffee time!
Bender: Ah! Mighty fine smokable!
Fry: Fancy cigar. Why don't you smoke it already? Puff, puff! Go, go, go, go, go!
Bender: Nah, you can't blow the smoke from such a majestic stogie in just anyone's face. I'm saving it for the fancy-pantses at Zapp Brannigan's black tie reception. You comin'?
Whale Biologist: And the fifth reason whales kill is for the sheer fun of it.
Leela: Anything else?
Whale Biologist Hey, I calls 'em like I sees 'em! I'm a whale biologist.
Leela Oh, crud! He ate my suit.
Whale Biologist: The suit was ugly. Whale biologist!
Caddy: Perhaps if you tightened your grip, sir?
Zoidberg Bah! Rich people wouldn't waste their time on this nonsense. Plus, these eggs are gritty and tasteless.
Farnsworth: Ow! Not so rough!
Whale Biologist: Ladies and gentlemen, presenting Mushu, the educated whale who thinks he's better than you.
Amy: C'mon, Mushu! Barf! Barf like a freshman!
Whale Biologist Who wants a fish?
Sam: Mushu is sad!
URL: It just keeps comin' and comin'.
Kif I got it, Amy! I got it! The plan went off without a--
Whale Biologist: He's got aquarium property! Stop him!
URL: Better do what he says. He's a whale biologist.
Smitty: You're under arrest, you squishy punk!
Zapp: The Spiderians, though weak and woman-like on the battlefield, are masters of the textile arts. Taste like king crab, by the way. Crazy bugs actually wove this tapestry of my heroic conquest while I was still killing them.
Zoidberg One art, please!
Mom: What a clever impersonation of a stupid, poor person. How much is that placemat actually worth, Brannigan?
Zapp: Exactly $1 billion.
Mom walking-around money!
Nixon: What? Hey! Wait! Aroo!
Whitey Yes, it reminds me of a joke I heard about upper-middle-class people.
Amy: I've never been sad at a party before. I wonder if my mind is thinking about Kif being in jail.
Scruffy. Course, it's shank or be shanked.
Amy: Of course.
Whale Biologist: Look, just give back our property and we'll drop the charges.
Kif: Fine, have the watch. It's broken anyway.
Whale Biologist: I don't want your watch. You're covered in precious ambergris.
Kif: Precious ... hamburgers?
Holo-Roseanne: Ambergris. Noun. A grease-like product of the sperm whales digestive tract that is used as a base in the finest perfumes. This has been Roseanne, your guide to the world of facts.
Whale Biologist: You heard Roseanne. Scrape off the priceless ambergris and I'll let you go.
Kif: Or-Or better yet, I'll simply shed my skin.
Morbo you!
Farnsworth Uh, gotta go. Uh, fight club!
April: What's happening, Hubie?
Farnsworth: I'm afraid the face you fell in love with was actually just a blob of living gunk I bought with my tax refund.
April: Well as long as we're being honest, I also spent my tax refund on a crazy treatment.
Farnsworth: That certainly is honest.
April: It's better for us to both just be ourselves. You, wrinkled as a prune.
Farnsworth: You, fat as the queen of sea cows.
April: I love you!
Farnsworth: Oh, my!
Kif: So, you see, the putrid, waxy substance I was coated with was--
Amy: Not precious ambergris!
Kif Using that, I'll make you a perfume of lilac and jasmine and frankenberry.
Amy: Oh, Kif, it's so romantic I can't even wait! I'm gonna wear it right now.
Mom: Who smells like freaking porpoise hork?
Amy: I do! Kiss me, Kif!
Zoidberg: Oh, what a foolish squid I've been. I'm not rich. I can't even buy one measly masterpiece.
Gus: Pardon us, gent. Might a couple of hungry, hungry hobos take a feed from that aluminum snack box?
Zoidberg: So now I'm in the gutter, surrounded by bums who eat garbage? Money brought me no happiness. Bupkiss!
Dandy Jim: Ooh! This boot's got a little pudding at the bottom.
Beeler: Interestingly, the Spiderians are more closely related to our elephants than our spiders.
Hermes: Don't mind us!
Nixon: The loot! The loot! The loot is on fire!
Zapp: Leela, my precious rock tub. I'll save you!
Kif: Everyone! To the fire door!
Leela: It's on fire!
Farnsworth: We're trapped, my sweet hippopotamus!
Fry: Coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee!
Dwight: Where are we, Pops?
Farnsworth: Wha?
April: What happened to the food?
Leela: I think we were saved by a mysterious orange blur.
Zoidberg: Welcome, one and all. I finally figured out how money could make me happy. By using it to buy my hungry friends a feast.
Dandy Jim: Everyone join us. Oysters Rockefeller here has provided genuine turkey dogs!
Whitey: Heck, you're never too rich to enjoy a free turkey dog.
Amy: Yeah!
Bender: Alright! Turkey dog!
April: I'll take four!
Leela: Me too!
Mom: Oh, what the hell.
Hermes: Here, Dwight. The boots only cost $299.99. You invest this penny like you wanted.
Dwight: Thanks, Dad. I'm gonna take this and buy five shares of Amazon.com.
Hermes: A risk-taker? That's my boy!
Nixon: The entire surplus is gone! Oh, what a McGovern I've been! Why did I have to issue that crooked tax rebate?
Leela: At least we got a few mildly interesting stories out of it.
Farnsworth: Oh, my, yes.
Bender: Speaking of which, my story kinda petered out without me learning a lesson.
Smitty: There he is!
Bender: Alright! Closure!
Holo-Roseanne This has been Roseanne, your guide to the world of facts.
John DiMaggio: Prepare for the stereophonic experience.
Bender: Aw, New New York City! Woooo! Woooo! Don' worry about it! Do the robot, baby!
Farnsworth: Oh, Lord! Hiking is always such a strain on the buttocks.
Fry: Shh! What was that sound?
Bender Aww, they're so cute when they're scared.
Fry: I meant the sound Bigfoot just made. He's been sighted a lot in this area recently. Just last week, a blind hiker felt him.
Farnsworth: Don't tell me you actually believe in Bigfoot, you blathering ninny-hammer.
Fry: Of course I do! Bigfoot's my hero. Growing up, he was the celebrity I most identified with.
Zoidberg: Why?
Fry: 'Cause he was a loner who hated the popular monsters yet longed to be one.
Zoidberg: I can so relate to that.
Leela Although you wouldn't know it from looking.
Zoidberg: Bender, if you want to sleep in the tent tonight, you're welcome to join me and Hermes for a little "just friends" spooning.
Bender comfy!
Ranger Park: Hey, I'm Ranger Park, the park ranger.
Fry: I get it!
Ranger Park: Now since this area's a national Bigfoot preserve, we'll start with a short film about Bigfoot while I make a few phone calls.
Narrator ... dwells the strange and beautiful creature known as Bigfoot, perhaps.
Fry: That proves it!
Narrator They typically dwell just behind rocks but are also sometimes playful, bounding into thick fogs and out-of-focus areas.
Ranger Park: It should say "Top Quality Exercycle For Sale" and could you put "top quality" in bold? You can't? OK, whatever.
Narrator: Remember, it's up to us. Bigfoot is a crucial part of the ecosystem, if he exists. So let's all help keep Bigfoot possibly alive for future generations to enjoy unless he doesn't exist. The end.
Ranger Park Alright, questions?
Sal: Yeah. Have yous ever seens Bigfeet?
Ranger Park: Technically, no. But I do see him each night in my dreams and each day in the smiling faces of hairy children.
Farnsworth: Bunk! Bunk I say! Bring me a bag full of Bigfoot's droppings or shut up!
Ranger Park Bigfoot.
Farnsworth: Shut up!
Bender: Oh, my God! Look! It's Bigfoot!
Ranger Park: Where?
Bender: Eh, he's gone. He said you should keep wasting your life though.
Petunia: Oh! I saw Bigfoot crushing cars at the county fair.
Ranger Park. But thanks for a great question.
Fry: Sir, if I may, why don't you just set up like a billion video cameras in the woods and see if he walks by one?
Ranger Park: Ah, that would be very expensive, and most people who believe in Bigfoot are broke.
Bender: Hey, look! Bigfoot! He's back!
Ranger Park: Where?
Bender Everybody do the Bender!
Amy: The sky out here is amazing. Look at all those satellites.
Farnsworth: Goodnight, employees.
Hermes: Goodnight.
Zoidberg: Goodnight, Hubert.
Fry: You doin' alright out there, buddy?
Bender That guy won't be goin' home to his kids.
Bender Fry! Fry wake up! It's me, Bigface!
Bender: Come out and groom my mangy fur!
Fry: Huh? Bigfoot? You taught yourself English?
Fry: Bigfoot? Bigfoot?
Fry Hey! Hey, what's the big idea? Stop abducting me. Why does your vanity plate say "Probe 1"?
Leela: There's nothing so refreshing as the clean, crisp taste of this bold Canadian beer.
Hermes: Well, see you in an hour. I gotta go do some business behind that tree.
Amy: Bender, wasn't that Fry's tent?
Bender: "Bender"!
Leela: Bender raises a good point: Where is Fry?
Fry I know, but listen, it gets even scarier.
Farnsworth: Fry! What in Sega Genesis happened to you?
Fry Why are you all staring at me like that? Is there something on my face?
Hermes: Uh ... no.
Leela: Someone should tell him.
Fry: Tell me what?
Leela: Nothing.
Zoidberg Fry, you have no nose! Your nose is gone! You have no nose on your face! Where it is I can't say but on your face it's not!
Fry: What?
Bender: Aww! I think it's sweet. You chopped off your nose so you could look more like your hero. Me, Bender!
Fry: My God! They must have taken it last night.
Farnsworth: Which last night?
Fry: In the woods. I was walking ... for Bigfoot, looking ... and then aliens beamed me up.
Amy I don't get that gesture. Am I wrong?
Zoidberg: Cheer up, friend. When we get home a high-quality prosthesis will have you looking good as new.
Fry: I'm a pathetic freak. My life is ruined.
Hermes: Man, you are such a jokester!
Fry: I'll never have another moment of happiness.
Leela: I know you're trying to mask your pain with humour, but don't worry. I'm sure the Professor can clone you a new nose.
Fry nose. I don't want to have to teach a new one how to shoot milk when I laugh.
Farnsworth: Well there's no sense fretting. Good Lord, you're ugly! The fact is your nose is gone and we'll never find out who did it or why.
Bender: Guys! Guys! There's something on television.
Linda: Alien abductions: Until now, a harmless nuisance. But recently they've taken on a sinister dimension as unsuspecting victims are returned ... without noses.
Fry: Like me!
Morbo: The culprits: Shameless poachers, hunting humans without a permit.
Linda: The valuable nose, or "human horn", fetches a high price on alien worlds as an aphrodisiac.
Fry I'm gonna drop a barf!
Morbo: Demand for human horn is great, due, in part, to titillating scenes from depraved alien TV programmes too filthy for Earth broadcast. Let's watch.
Neptunian Woman: Human horn? But ... it is forbidden!
Neptunian Man: So is our love.
Fry: Blech! We have to track down my nose before some alien snarfs it and does the worm. Who's in?
Leela: Me and Bender and maybe Zoidberg if he feels like it.
Zoidberg: No, I'm good.
Alien: Let's see, I'll take a pancreas, two sphincters and a large Coke.
Vendor: One number three combo!
Fry: It's no use. We've been to every scuzzy bazaar in the galaxy, including Pottery Barn.
Leela: Wait. What's that?
Salesman: Welcome, friends. How may I pervert you?
Fry: Uh, I'm looking for human horn.
Salesman: Shh! You're not cops, right?
Leela: Of course not. In fact, he's a crook.
Bender: Yep. Stolen Pez anyone?
Salesman: Right this way.
Salesman: Human horn. So fresh you can still see the eyeglass marks.
Fry Now look. This is the nose we want. Did you sell it to somebody?
Salesman Right this way.
Salesman Hey, I'm a porno-dealing monster, what do I care what you think? Here's the weirdo who bought your horn.
Leela: That's Lrrr! Ruler of the planet Omicron Persei 8.
Lrrr human horn?
Salesman: Speak up! You're muttering!
Lrrr human horn?
Salesman: You're not a cop, right?
Lrrr: Oh, no, no. I'm just some guy ... ruler of the planet Omicron Persei 8!
Lrrr: So let me get this straight: If I buy eight Caramello bars, you all get to go to some camp.
Bender: Yep. That's exactly the lie we used to get past your guards.
Fry: Oh, great space king, I humbly beg you to return my human horn.
Lrrr: Uh, human horn? How ridiculous! Why would a virile male like Lrrr need human horn? I don't even know what it's for. What is it, something you-you put in salad dressing?
Nd-Nd: Like you've ever seen a salad.
Lrrr: My weight is appropriate and attractive!
Leela: Whoa! You guys have issues.
Lrrr has issues! I'm fine! But there's no human horn around here, so make friends with the door.
Fry: Alright. I give up. I guess I'll just go home and marry a skunk.
Nd-Nd Here.
Fry: My nose! Light of my face!
Lrrr I've never seen it before. My friend left it here.
Leela: Hold still, Fry. I can reattach it with my emergency face laser.
Fry: Hey! You burned my cheek!
Leela: Yeah, sorry, I wasn't really concentrating.
Fry And those lilacs on the table.
Lrrr noticed.
Nd-Nd: For the last time, I don't like lilacs! Your first wife was the one who liked lilacs.
Lrrr: She also liked to shut up!
Fry: Well, great seeing you. I guess we'll be on our--
Bender: Yo, Highness. Uh, just out of robo-curiosity, why would you use a guy's nose for an aphrodisiac instead of his, you know, wing-dang-doodle?
Lrrr the human wing-dang-doodle.
Bender: No, sir, chief! The main event, so to speak, is downstairs near the wallet. Ever seen soccer players line up to block a free kick? They ain't covering their noses, I'll tell you that much. Well, see you!
Lrrr: Interesting. The trousers conceal a tiny secondary horn.
Fry: Hey, what've you heard?
Lrrr Prepare to harvest the lower horn!
Fry: OK, you can have my nose.
Lrrr: Guards!
Guard #1: Yeah?
Lrrr: Remove the human's lower horn and prepare it to be eaten by me.
Nd-Nd: In other words, slop a lot of ketchup and salt on it.
Lrrr: Then bring it to our royal bedchamber and put it in the sock drawer with all the other things that have failed to arouse my passion for this woman.
Guard #2: Remove pants!
Fry: Wait! Listen. I'm usually the first guy to toot my own lower horn--
Bender: I'll say!
Fry: But in this case I-I just don't think it'll do any good.
Bender: That's what she said!
Leela: Let's face it, you two have deep relationship problems that can't be solved by an aphrodisiac.
Fry: However huge it might be.
Nd-Nd suggest, painfully-single human?
Leela: Well, why don't you think back to what brought you together in the first place?
Nd-Nd: Oh, I don't know. Lrrr used to be so tender.
Lrrr: I only wrote that poem to test my printer.
Nd-Nd: We'd go walking in the woods and Lrrr would find injured little tinkle-bunnies and nurse them back to health.
Lrrr the one who injured them!
Nd-Nd: Oh, shush. You stepped on them by accident and then you cried all night. That's the kind of sensitive man you used to be.
Lrrr But not anymore! Now bring me that lower horn while I'm still in the mood.
Fry: Wh-What if we helped you get your passion back without the hassle of mutilating me?
Leela: Yeah, we know a great place in the mountains. We could take you there for a romantic dinner under the stars.
Nd-Nd: Hmm. Sounds interesting. But he would never do it.
Lrrr: Like hell I wouldn't. I'm not gonna be blamed for not going.
Fry: Then it's a deal. We get one night. I keep my horn as long as you two end up doing the horizontal monster mash.
Bender: I don't get it!
Bender. May I offer you a box of wine for the edge of the table?
Lrrr water!
Nd-Nd: Oh, big spender!
Lrrr: That's it! This date is over. Waiter!
Fry: So, what can I get you this evening?
Lrrr: Your lower horn!
Fry: I'll just start you off with some bread. Some sexy, arousing bread!
Lrrr: Fine! But none of that whole-grain goat food. And bring plenty of melted butter.
Nd-Nd: Why don't you just inject some fat straight into your ass and cut out the middle man?
Lrrr: One of these days, Nd-Nd. Bang! Zoom! Straight to the third moon of Omicron Persei 8!
Lrrr: Mmm! This jerked chicken is good. I think I'll have Fry's lower horn jerked.
Bender: It's used to it!
Fry: So, uh, how are you two snooky-poopums doing?
Nd-Nd: Poorly.
Lrrr: My wife is right, for once. There's very little magic in the air. Ready the lower horn transport vessel.
Bender Hey, uh, mind if I stick these in here?
Guard #1: Go for it.
Leela
Will always love you.
Nd-Nd: The humans are attacking!
Lrrr: Pluck the lower horn and let's get out of here!
Bender: Quick, Fry! Run for it!
Fry Yes! I never thought I'd escape with my doodle, but I pulled it out!
Bender: Just like at the movie theatre!
Lrrr: Give me that!
Fry: Bigfoot! He's real! I knew it! The Loch Ness Monster's book was right!
Lrrr: Well, hello there, my furry friend.
Nd-Nd Yes, you are a cutie-pie.
Ranger Park I can't believe I'm seeing Bigfoot! He's in focus! Oh, I've waited my entire life for this moment.
Nd-Nd: What?
Bender: What are you doing with that?
Lrrr: You're going to kill this innocent giganto?
Ranger Park: Of course not. I'm just gonna tranquilize him so I can chop off his feet as proof he exists. Then dump him back in the wild. He'll do fine.
Lrrr: You'll have to get through me first.
Ranger Park: OK. Nighty night!
Lrrr: Now leave this gentle Sasquatch, or Wood Ape, in peace so I can finally and at long last harvest this pathetic human's lower horn.
Fry: Yeah!
Lrrr: Wait. What am I saying? If I poach this beast's lower horn, am I any better than that ranger with his demented foot lust? Yes. But not by enough.
Ranger Park: Score!
Lrrr: This human's lower horn is one of God's creatures, a living thing, and all living things, large and small--
Bender: In this case "small"!
Lrrr: Have dignity and a spark of the divine.
Nd-Nd: That's the gentle, sensitive, poet warlord I fell in love with.
Lrrr: Uh, you'll wanna retreat to a safe, 500-metre radius!
Leela: Well, Fry, it looks like you get to hold onto your lower horn.
Bender Run away!
Narrator.
Scientist: I have combined the DNA of the world's most evil animals to make the most evil creature of them all.
Man: It turns out it's Man.
Bender I choose to not understand these signs.
Bender: Aha!
Fry: Bender? I was just not playing the holophonor.
Bender: Yeah, well you should try not stinking at it.
Fry: I am trying. I've been taking lessons.
Bender: Lessons? Oh, that's rich! Isn't it time you gave up all hope of ever improving yourself in any way?
Fry Hey, Bender, as long as you know, I have a holophonor recital Tuesday. I'd really like to have somebody there. Please?
Bender: Fine, I'll go already. Y'know, sometimes I wish your real parents were still alive. Not often, though.
Bender: Whoa! Hey!
Fry: Uh, hello, Mrs. Mellonger.
Mrs. Mellonger And you must be Mr. Bender. Philip's told me so much about you. Is it true that you're a robot?
Bender: I prefer the term "love machine".
Bender: Wow! Your kid is great. How hard did you say you had to hit him?
Mother: Fairly hard.
Fry Sorry!
Boy grumpy!
Fry: Ow! No! Quit it! Stop!
Mrs. Mellonger: Mr. Bender, I simply cannot teach your child.
Bender We hope to see you soon for tea.
Fry: It's hopeless! I can hear all this great music in my head but my stupid hands can't keep up.
Bender: Aww. You know what always cheers me up? Laughing at other people's misfortunes.
Leela: Hey, guys. You missed a great delivery to Space Earth. Where you been all afternoon?
Fry: At, uh, uh, a concert.
Leela: Ooh! Was it jazz noodling? My ex-boyfriend Sean played the sax. I used to listen for hours while he sat naked on my couch and improvised.
Bender: So musicians really Rodger your Hammerstein, huh?
Leela: Yeah, it's weird; Sean was uneducated, unambitious. He was pastey and hunched--
Fry: Pretty boy.
Leela I couldn't believe it. I was really...
Fry beautiful soul sitting naked on her couch if I could just learn to play this stupid thing.
Bender: Oh, but you can. Though you may have to metaphorically make a "deal with the devil". And by "devil" I mean "Robot Devil". And by "metaphorically" I mean "get your coat".
Robot Devil Ah, Bender, Fry. You've come back for more eternal damnation.
Bender: No, this isn't a religious visit. Fry just wants holophonor lessons.
Fry: Yep. I need to get really good without practising.
Robot Devil to replace them?
Fry Oh, well. Goodbye.
Bender: Fry, you smelly idiot, I think he's willing to make some kind of deal with the devil with you.
Fry Great! Wait, what's the catch?
Robot Devil It's just the sort of guy I am. What do you say?
Fry: I don't know. It doesn't seem entirely moral to--
Bender: Fry, if you don't take this offer right now I will lose all respect for you and punch you.
Fry: Well, alright. You sure I probably won't know him?
Robot Devil Just sign this contract.
Bender: Wow!
Robot Devil: And here we go!
Bender: I got a hundred bucks on Rectal-Exambot!
Fry hands? Zam!
Robot Devil: Oh, what an appallingly ironic outcome.
Bender: It's not ironic, it's just coincidental. Now fork over those lady-fingers, Cookie!
Robot Devil: Y'know, I only put my name on there as a show of good faith for the other robots.
Fry: Stop being such a baby and chop my hands off.
Robot Devil: Oh, very well.
Fry: How'd you do that?
Robot Devil good hands.
Fry: At last! At last I have the power to make Leela love me.
Robot Devil: Oh, sorry. That'll wear off in a couple of days.
Fry: Check it out, everyone. I'm back from hell and I've got the Robot Devil's hands.
Amy: Neat! Let's see a trick.
Fry: Alrighty!
Scruffy: Somebody called the Robot Devil's here to see somebody called Fry.
Fry: Uh-oh.
Bender: Where'd I go just now?
Robot Devil.
Fry: Yeah, they get around! But I'm afraid we had a deal.
Robot Devil: Looks like I wasted a bus trip.
Fry: Yes, you did.
Grumpy Snail That's over 30 minutes of music for only $14.99.
Zoidberg records! Oh, Zoidberg, at last you're becoming a crafty consumer!
Man: Hello?
Zoidberg: Hello? I'll take eight!
Scruffy: Mr. Hedonismbot to see you.
Fry: Uh, show him in.
Scruffy: Very good, sir.
Hedonismbot: Ah, Fry. Congratulations. Your latest performance was as delectable as dipping my bottom over and over into a bath of the silkiest oils and creams.
Fry: Thank you, sir. That's exactly what I was going for.
Hedonismbot: You were the sole diversion in what has been a pale and unamusing season. And so I would fain commission you write an opera.
Fry: But I've never written an opera.
Hedonismbot: And I've never heard one. Still, if you can keep me amused through the overture I shall consider it a smashing success.
Fry I can make it about Leela.
Leela: Me? Really?
Hedonismbot I shall see you at the premiere.
Leela: Is it part of the opera?
Fry You shouldn't be listening. I don't want you to hear it till it's done.
Leela: But it's so beautiful.
Fry: So's a peacock but you don't eat it until it's cooked. This has to be perfect. I want you to hear exactly what I hear when I think about you.
Leela They're so cold.
Robot Devil Can I have my hands back now?
Fry: No!
Robot Devil: You're not nice!
Robot Devil in the refrigerator.
Bender: True, but at least I don't have the hiccups anymore. What up?
Robot Devil: Oh, well it so happens I'm in the mood to make a deal with you.
Bender: Forget it! You can't tempt me.
Robot Devil you want?
Bender Well, I suppose I've always wondered what it would be like to be more annoying.
Robot Devil To replace these bony hotdogs!
Bender: Grabby and Squeezy? Never! I love these guys!
Robot Devil: Well is there anything else you would part with?
Bender: No. Nothing. Ain't gonna happen.
Bender annoy people. And all it cost me was my crotch-plate.
Robot Devil Now find someone and give 'em a good blast!
Bender: Yeah! That'll teach the first person I see a lesson.
Robot Devil: Ah, my ridiculously circuitous plan is one-quarter complete!
Leela: Well, Fry's opera premiere's tomorrow night. I'm off to find a pair of formal gloves that'll fit over my enormous forearms.
Bender: Pretty annoying, huh, Leela?
Leela: What? Are you talking? Oh, God! I'm deaf!
Bender: Oops. I'm so, so sorry, Leela. I just wanted to annoy you.
Leela: What? Oh, this is horrible. I won't be able to hear Fry's opera.
Robot Devil: Ah, how delightfully ironic.
Bender: It's not ironic, it's just mean. Take this!
Robot Devil ironic!
Bender Oh, nooo!
Leela: Nobody tell Fry I'm deaf. If he found out I couldn't hear his opera, it'd break his heart.
Bender: OK, deaf-o!
Hedonismbot You know the ones I mean.
Leela: Yay, Fry!
Zoidberg: I watch TV with that guy!
Holo-Vogel
With courage in her female baby smile?
Holo-Orphans
Or something stranger still.
Holo-Leela: Or just a lonely, filthy, starving child.
Leela Ah!
Holo-Bender
Goodbye!
Bender what I would have done.
Amy: One diet double Martini, please.
Bartender: And for you, sir?
Hermes: I'll just have a Shirley Hemple.
Tinny Tim: Extra! Extra! World's greatest opera only half over.
Leela: Half over? Oh, I'd give anything to hear the rest.
Robot Devil robotic ears!
Leela: What? You can give me new ears? Wait. What seemingly reasonable thing do you want in return?
Robot Devil: Just your hands, my dear.
Leela: Whatever you said, forget it!
Robot Devil: Alright then, just one hand.
Leela: Just ... my left hand? Um, uh--
Announcer: Please take your seats for act two.
Hedonismbot: But I'm not done vomiting.
Leela OK. You can have my hand.
Robot Devil Calculon, old friend, I'm afraid I need your ears.
Calculon acting talent.
Leela: I can hear! I can hear like a safecracker! Hey, aren't you gonna take my hand?
Robot Devil: In good time. You go enjoy the opera.
Holo-Fry
I need hands of transcendental quickness.
Holo-Robot Devil
For my head is of a most amazing thickness.
Holo-Robot Devil
I'm stupider than you in every way.
Robot Devil Your lyrics lack subtlety. You can't just have your characters announce how they feel. That makes me feel angry.
Fry: Look, what do you want?
Robot Devil: I want my hands back.
Fry
Even with a dirty dealer.
Robot Devil
Then I'll take what I want from Leela.
Leela: Whoa!
Robot Devil: Leela has promised me her hand.
Leela: Fry, you do not understand.
Leela
I agreed that I'd give him my hand--
Robot Devil: In marriage!
Leela: What?
Robot Devil: You'd give me your hand in marriage.
Hermes: Is this really happening or just being staged?
Farnsworth: It can't be real--
Amy: Not if Leela is engaged.
Leela
That isn't what I signed.
Robot Devil Print.
Leela: I'll give you my hand...
Leela In marriage.
Bender "irony".
Robot Devil
Unless, Fry, you surrender my hands!
Fry
Then he probably won't want me dating her.
Nixon: Arooo!
Zapp: Bray-vo! Enn-core!
Farnsworth: I can't believe the devil is so unforgiving.
Zoidberg: I can't believe everybody's just ad-libbing!
Preacherbot
By the state of New New York--
Fry
(singing) You evil, metal dork!
Hedonismbot Oh! Oh, my!
Fry And what did you do to my nails?
Robot Devil So it's back to hell for me. Come on, Nixon!
Nixon: Huh?
Hedonismbot: Less reality, more fantasy. Resume the opera.
Fry: But I can't play anymore.
Zoidberg The music's bad and you should feel bad.
Fry: Whoa! Hey!
Tinny Tim: Extra! Extra! Greatest opera of all time sucks.
Zoidberg: I'll take eight!
Leela: Please don't stop playing, Fry. I wanna hear how it ends.
Hermes: Planet Express delivery company roll call! Captain Turanga Leela! 
Leela: Here! 
Hermes (VO): Delivery boy, first class, Philip J. Fry! 
Fry: Here! 
Hermes (VO): Assistant Manager of Sales, Bender Bending Rodriguez! 
Bender Cerveza, por favor. 
Hermes (VO): Long-term intern, Amy Wong. 
Amy: Here! 
Hermes (VO): Company physician, Dr. John A. Zoidberg. 
Zoidberg: Huh? I thought it was mine! 
Hermes (VO): Bureaucrat Grade 34, Hermes Conrad 
Hermes: Is who I am. And now I am proud to present the owner and founder of Planet Express, Professor Hubert J. Farnsworth! 
Farnsworth: You're all fired. 
Hermes: Sweet bongo of the Congo! 
Farnsworth: In fact, you were fired two years ago! That's when we were shut down by the delivery network. 
Farnsworth (VO): Yes, I'm afraid the brainless drones who run the network canceled our license. 
Fry: We were canceled? 
Farnsworth: Oh, it's terrible. Just terrible. Well, clear out your desks and move along. Chop-chop. 
Farnsworth: Yes? I see. 
Farnsworth: Good news, everyone! Those asinine morons who cancelled us were themselves fired for incompetence. 
Staff: Woohoo! 
Farnsworth: And not just fired, but beaten up, too. And pretty badly. 
Staff: Woo! 
Farnsworth: In fact, most of them died from their injuries. 
Staff
Farnsworth: And then they were ground up into a fine pink powder. 
Fry: Why? 
Farnsworth: Oh, it's got a million and one uses. 
Farnsworth: Ahhh, that soothes the fire. 
Leela: So what does this mean for us and our many fans? 
Farnsworth: It means we're back on the air! 
Farnsworth: Yes, flying on the air in our mighty spaceship! 
Staff: Woooohoooo! 
Bender: We're back, baby! 
All: Party! Go, go, go! 
Cubert: Lower, lawn mower! 
Hermes: What's the matter, robot? You got a rod up your spine? 
Bender: Yes, I do. That's how I'm built. 
All: Hooray. 
Fry: Way to bend it! 
Bender: You're the greatest, Bender! 
Hermes: In Jamaica, we got 10-story office buildings lower than that. 
Leela: Let's see you beat it, Rastaman. 
Staff: Ooooohh... 
Hermes: Let's make it interesting. Fetch down one of them sabres. 
Bender: Oh, flexible. That would go good up my spine. 
Hermes: Lower. 
Bender: The fat guy wins! 
Fry: Go, Hermes! 
Hermes: That's why they call me 11-inch Conrad. 
Scruffy: Oh, no. 
Fry: Can you save Hermes, Dr. Goodensexy? 
Dr. Cahill: I told you, my name is Dr. Cahill. 
Hermes: Figures I'd get mangled while the blonde bimbo's on duty. 
Dr. Cahill: I'm a doctor, sir. The mere fact that I'm blonde and have a breathy voice, full sensual lips, and a steaming hot body doesn't make me a bimbo. 
Zoidberg: Tell me about it. 
Hermes: I think we've all learned a thing or two about sexual stereotypes. While my head's slowly dying 'cause I'm not in a jar yet, you bimbo! 
Dr. Cahill: Oh, right. Ditzy-witzy! Lars, got another jar job! 
Lars: Oh, sorry, Doctor. I was disinfecting Courtney Love... Oh, hello. 
Leela: What are you looking at? Is it the eye? 
Lars: Guilty as charged. It's a nice looking eye, and there's plenty of it. 
Leela: Oh. Do I know you? 
Lars: Apparently not. Hi. I'm Lars. 
Leela: Oh. I'm Leela. Nice to meet you. 
Lars: Nice to be met. 
Hermes: Pick up ladies on your own time, you shiny-headed goat! 
Lars: Sir, you're just a little enraged 'cause you're dying. Up and away! 
Amy: Lars is so flirting with you. 
Leela: He is so not. He's just being polite. 
Fry: Who does he think he is, being polite to you? You want me to beat him up? 
Leela: No. Stop being so immature. 
Fry: I'll show her who's immature. 
Fry: "Charles de Gaulle"? Never heard of you. 
De Gaulle: I freed France from the Nazis and... 
Fry: Hey, Leela. I'm some French guy. 
Bender: Rock that Frenchman, baby! 
LaBarbara: Oh, my poor little love pirate of the Caribbean! 
Hermes: There, there, wife. Everything will be all-- 
LaBarbara: Okay, look, Hermes, we got to think of the boy. He needs a daddy. 
Hermes: He has a daddy! 
LaBarbara: No, he got two half-daddies. Will his body be all right? 
Dr. Cahill: Yes, but it may take a few days. 
LaBarbara: No, not soon enough. Come, Dwight, let's find you a handsome new father. 
Hermes: LaBarbara, no! 
Bender: It's okay, Hermes. We're all here for you. 
Farnsworth: Good news, everyone! We've got a delivery to the nude beach planet. 
Staff: Woohoo! 
Bender: So long, jerk.
Announcer Only Torgo's packs the power of five highly paid television executives into every can for maxim odour absorption.
Torgo's Jingle Singer
with Torgo's!
Leela: It feels great to be back at the wheel after two long years. 
Fry: That's not the wheel. 
Leela: It's nice out. 
Fry: "You must be at least this naked"? How much nakeder could you be? 
Zoidberg: Watch and learn. 
Bender: You know, it's funny. 
Fry: What? 
Bender: Your weiner! 
Farnsworth: Well, I'm going in the water to prune up a bit before I strut. Who's with me? 
Amy: I'm in! 
Leela: I'm in. 
Bender: Yeah, I'll go. 
Fry: You guys go ahead. I gotta find the bartender and deliver this box of barstool softener.
Fry: Here's your package, sir. 
Bartender: Why are you talking to my penis? 
Fry: Oh, sorry. Sign here. 
Bartender: Mind if I use your pen? 
Fry: Well, that's not a... 
Fry
Fry: Thank you for using Planet Express. 
Leela: Hey, Fry, I didn't know you had a tattoo of Bender on your ass. 
Fry: Me neither. 
Bender: You got a tattoo of me? Neat. It's like looking in a smelly mirror. 
Farnsworth: So he's got a little ink. Big whoop. 
Bender: Sweet photons. I don't know if you're waves or particles, but you go down smooth. 
Nudar: Sir, would you care to sign our petition? 
Bender: I support and oppose many things, but not strongly enough to pick up a pen. 
Nudar: That's just what the guys who oppose the things you support want you to do. 
Bender: Really? Down with those guys! 
Fleb: And we'll need your e-mail address. 
Bender: Hmm, they say you shouldn't give out your e-mail address. 
Nudar: Right. That's just what those same guys say. 
Bender: Them again? 
Leela: I don't quite understand what this petition's about. 
Schlump:: Animals? 
Schlump:: And your e-mail address. 
Leela: You won't send me any spam, will you? 
Nudar: Oh, no, no, no, no. Asterisk. 
Leela's Wrist Thingy: You've got spam. 
Leela: Spam, spam, junk.
Amy: Spam. Spam. "Hi. How are you?" Oh, that must be from Kiffy. 
Amy's computer: Hi, how are you? Low, low prices on erectile dysfunction remedies, sleeping pills, old-person drugs, and antidepressants. 
Amy: Antidepressants? Well, I certainly don't want to get depressed. 
Amy's computer: Please enter credit card number. 
Amy: Is cash okay? 
Bender: Porn. Porn. Free porn. Get rich watching porn? I find that rather hard to believe. 
Bender: Warning, perform virus scan? I'm waiting for porn over here. 
Bender: Oh, yeah, come on, baby. 
Zoidberg: Friends, friends! His Majesty Prince Adisaraki O. Zoidberg of Nigeria died. 
Amy: When will those antidepressants get here? 
Zoidberg: Wait, there's more. Once I wire some good-faith money to an overseas bank account, I'll inherit his kingdom, his canoe, and his plump young wife. 
Hermes: You dumb stumps. Don't you realize you're being scammed? 
Zoidberg: That is low, Hermes. Just because you don't have a body, you don't want anyone else to be prince of Nigeria. Well, try and stop me from wiring that money. 
Farnsworth: I am here!
: Quiet, you. In his absence, I'm calling a mandatory company security seminar. To the mandatorium! 
Farnsworth: Now, it's not hard to spot a phoney Internet come-on. "Get rich quick x7 q"? Phoney. "Lose weight with space parasites"? Phoney. What's this? I've won the Spanish National Lottery? 
Leela: No, it's a scam! 
Farnsworth: My goodness, I'm rich! And to think I didn't even know I had a ticket. I just need to wire some collateral to collect the winnings. 
Hermes: Professor, stop! You're giving away personal information! 
Farnsworth: I can afford to give away anything I want. I've won the Spanish National Lottery. 
Amy: No, don't! 
Leela: It's a scam! 
Hermes: Why won't anybody listen to me?!? 
Farnsworth: And my mother's maiden name and her bank account numbers and ... There! I'm rich. Rich. Rich! 
Farnsworth: That must be my $400 now. Hello. Or should I say, '"Buenos dias"? 
Nudar: Hi. We own your company now. 
Farnsworth: Hwhaa? 
Bender: Welcome, boss. 
Nudar: Guess I was wrong. There was a robot stupid enough to download the obedience virus. 
Bender Presenting our new masters! 
Bender [carrying a stack of crates bigger than he is]: Where shall I put these auto-dialers, kind master? 
Nudar: Between the password crank and the spamjaculator. Come on! We've got a whole planet to scam. And bring me some more Gummi Fungus! 
Leela: We don't have to stand here and take abuse from a gross nerd. 
Amy: Yeah! 
Fry: Yeah! 
Leela: Hi-yah! 
Nudar: Now get back to work, you turkeys. Planet Express is still in business. We've got crap loads of quote-unquote merchandise to deliver. 
Fleb: Ship them out, Your Highness. 
Zoidberg: Finally, some respect. 
Amy: I feel a little better. 
Bender: Those marvellous scammers sure scammed us, huh? 
Leela: How can you just sit there kissing the aliens' butt flaps? Don't you realize you are totally under their control? 
Bender: Of course I realize it. Does that mean I can't enjoy it? Boy, were we suckers. 
Lars: Greetings, earthlings. 
Fry: Oh, hooray. It's handsome Lars and his fabulous jars. 
Lars: Hello, everyone who isn't Leela. And a special hello to everyone else. 
Hermes: Shut your lockers and get to class. How's my body doing? 
Lars: Oh, I'm afraid it's behind schedule. The museum got tricked into giving all its funding to something called the Scamming Sciences Institute. 
Bender: It's a fake place. 
Hermes: No! That body's the cornerstone of my marriage. What's LaBarbara going to do? 
Amy: Spluh! She's going to go back to her first husband. 
Zoidberg: Barbados Slim? I love that guy. 
Hermes: Everybody loves Slim. 
Hermes: He's the only man to ever win Olympic gold medals in both limbo and sex. 
Lars: Well, maybe I should get going. 
Fry: Yes, I'll show you out. 
Amy: No, Leela will show him out. 
Leela: No, Leela will show you out. Me. Leela. 
Lars: So your friend, Fry, seems nice. Are you and he dati--? 
Leela: Nope. 
Lars: Good, because I was maybe thinking of asking you out for dinner. 
Leela: Ohhhh. I'll start maybe thinking about saying "Sure, when?" 
Lars: Let me maybe give it some thought. 
Lars: Tomorrow at 8:00? 
Leela: Okay. 
Fry: It's not fair. I've loved Leela since the day I came to the future. Did I show you the macaroni valentine I made for her? 
Amy: Yes. 
Fry: Look at it again. I know she thinks I'm immature, but someday I won't be. And deep down in my heart, I know we'll end up together. It's all there in the macaroni. 
Leela: Lars asked me out! 
Bender: What are you doing, wonderful masters? 
Fleb: Sprunjing for information. 
Nudar: Oh! There's something here. I can sprunje it. Robot, tear it open! 
Bender: Goody, goody, goody, goody! 
Zoidberg: What's that thing on your neck? 
Nudar: Checking out my sprunjer, huh? 
Zoidberg: I guess. What does it do? 
Nudar Information. 
Zoidberg: Lucky you. All I have is a gland that gives off foul odors when I'm bored. 
Bender: Hey, look, a safe! 
Farnsworth: That's my safe. I call keep-offsies. 
Nudar: No callsies! Open it! 
Fleb: It's a gold mine. Tax forms, Social Security cards. Combination hair, blood and stool samples! 
Fry: I don't get it. How can you say Lars is more mature than me? 
Leela: Well, for one thing, his chequebook doesn't have the Hulk on it. 
Nudar: Who are you? 
Fry: Philip J. Fry. 
Fleb: Social Security Number 03280810? Stool type, P-negative? 
Fry: That's right. 
Nudar: I've never detected so much information before. I think it may be a Level 87 code. 
Schumlp: Level 87? Can it be? I thought it was only a legend, but the sprunjer never lies. 
Nudar: It's in his pants! 
Fry: What the hell are you talking about? 
Nudar [holding a laser to Farnsworth's head]: Faster, faster! 
Farnsworth: I'm sciencing as fast as I can. 
Bender: What do you say, folks? Hot or not? 
Nudar: You, boogerbot, read the code or I'll shoot this guy. 
Bender: Who the hell is he? 
Scruffy: I'm Scruffy, the janitor. 
Bender: Hang on, Scruffy! Zero, zero, one, one, zero, zero, zero, one, zero, zero, one, zero, zero, one, one, one, one, zero, one, zero, zero, zero, zero, one, one, zero, one, one, zero, one, one, one, zero, zero, one, one. 
Fleb: A time sphere. 
Nudar: Naked brothers, we have sprunjed upon the universal machine language time code. The key to time travel! 
Leela: What's the secret of time travel doing on Fry's ass? 
Fry: It was bound to be somewhere. 
Schlump: Beyond this shimmering portal lie all the glories of history. 
Nudar: And we can steal them! We just go to the past and take stuff with our superior weapons!
Nibbler: Stop, you fools! 
Amy: What's going on? 
Farnsworth: What is happening? 
Leela: Nibbler, you... You can talk? 
Nibbler: I can do more than talk. I can pontificate. You must not use the code of codes. With each and every use, you risk tearing the universe asunder. 
Schlump: The poodle-monkey may be right. The legend warns that the code is powerful and dangerous. 
Nudar: My God. We'd better use it only three or four times. Six, max. 
Nibbler: But even a single use could shatter the universe! 
Nudar: Got it. Two or three times. 
Nibbler: I see I have no choice. Nibblonians, attack! 
Nudar: And the pitch! 
Nibblonian: Mayday, mayday! 
Aliens: Hey! Hey! Hey! 
Nibblonian: Scamper! 
Zoidberg: Aawww... 
Nibbler: Alas, our kitten-class attack ships were no match for their mighty chairs. The universe is doomed. Doomed! 
Fry: Can I pull up my pants now? 
Nibbler: Dooooooomed!
Nudar: Stand back you wing wangs. I'm gonna try out this timesphere with a quick test drive to yesterday. 
Farnsworth: Bushwah. You can't go mucking about in the past without creating paradoxes. 
Nibbler: I'm afraid he can. It's a paradox correcting time code. It all works perfectly. Except when it rips open the universe. Don't do it, I beg you ... 
Nudar: Yesterday please, and make it snappy. 
Crew: wha??? 
Nudar: Hello. 
Nudar-2: Howdy. 
Bender: Hey! What the ...? 
Zoidberg: There was one, but now there's two. 
Nudar: Nothing gets past you eagle eye. I went back to last night and met the me of that time for a drink. One thing led to another and we ended up at my place, or should I say our place. 
Leela: Blech. 
Nudar: Oh come on ya bunch of prudes. 
Farnsworth: This isn't merely revolting, it's impossible to boot. I know a paradox when I see one. 
Farnsworth: Whaaa? 
Farnsworth: Ahh, paradox resolved. Someone get a mop. 
Dwight: You're looking well pops. 
Hermes: How can you look me in the eye 'n eye and say that? I'm nothin' but a brain. A useless, filthy brain. 
Barbados Slim: You forgot lice infested. 
Hermes: I didn't forget it, I just chose not to .... Barbados Slim! What are you doin' here? IS there somethin' goin' on between you two? 
LaBarbara: Oh no no no no, we jus' ah happened to run into each other shortly after your accident. 
Slim: And every night since then. 
LaBarbara: You're so crazy. 
Hermes: Woman! No! Ohh, who am I kiddin'? Without my body, I'm a nobody. 
LaBarbara: I'm sorry Hermes. But look at Barbados. You can't argue with those luscious pecks. 
Hermes: No I can't. But I can ask him to stop wiggling them in my face. 
Slim: I'm not wiggling them. They do that by themselves. 
Nudar: I think I'll go back in time and steal the Liberty Bell before it cracked. Or is the crack the valuable part? 
Farnsworth: I don't know you naked crook. 
Fleb We have a problem Nudar. It's a one way time code. It can take us to the past, but it can't bring us back to the present. 
Bender: Oh oh oh oh oh oh! Masters, if I might, let me do the stealing. I'll go to the past and snatch everything I can get my greasy mitts on. Then, as a robot, I could just wait it out for a few centuries in the limestone cavern beneath this building. Oh, it'll be ever so much fun. 
Nudar: Hey, that's perfect. We sit back and let dum dum here do the stealing. 
Bender: Dum dum away. Zero zero one one .... 
Leela: The Mona Lisa! 
Bender: Sorry, it's not quite finished. 
Schlump:: Da Vinci give you any trouble? 
Bender. Hahahahahaha. 
Farnsworth: Preposterous twaddlecock. Time travel is impossible. 
Fry: But Professor, you time traveled yourself, remember, when we went back to Roswell? 
Farnsworth: That proves nothing. And furthermore, you'd think I'd remember a thing like that. Plus, who are you anyway? 
Bender: Man, this is fun on a bun. Here I go again. 
Nibbler: Oh no you don't. 
Bender: Scarab, four arm, bird, bird, bird!
Bender: Boo! Hahahaha. Naw, it's just me, Bender. 
Farnsworth: I must tell you Hedonismbot, I hate to sell my doomsday devices to a private collector. But with my business stolen I have to make ends meet. You will be careful? 
Hedonismbot: I shan't touch them till I've had Jambi lock the absinthe and ether away. Ohhhh, what does this one do? 
Farnsworth: Uh, that one kills everything everywhere. 
Hedonismbot: How delightful. And this one? 
Farnsworth: Sir! The sphereoboom is not for sale. 
Farnsworth: It's my sentimental favorite. 
Hedonismbot: No need to explain. I too have known unconventional love. Perhaps you and I, and Jambi, could get together and compare notes sometime, eh? 
MC: ... resulting in peace between east and west coat rappers ... 
MC: Good god! 
Bender: I accept this Nobel peace prize not just for myself, but for crime robots everywhere. Skål! 
Bender: Not so neutral now, are you Sweden? 
Leela: Be honest with me. Does my eye look monstery? I don't want to look monstery for my date with Lars. 
Hermes: At least a monster has a body. What I wouldn't give for Wolfman's torso, or any of the groovy ghoulies. 
Leela [looking at Lars' business card]: Ohh, I think I'll wear that slutty dress I've been saving for Easter. 
Fry [taking the card from Leela]: I'd like to punch Lars right in his ruggedly good looking face!
Nudar: Like all rich people, we're gonna need weapons to shoot poor people. 
Schlump: In self defense? 
Nudar: Yes, that too. Bender, go steal the doomsday device chained to the professor's wrist. 
Bender: Never! Ha ha, I'm kidding. You guys know I have to do whatever you say. 
Nudar: Here, swap this for the real one. 
Bender: Ahhh! The old switcheroo. 
Nudar: Yes, but don't wake him. You'll need jeweler's tools and foot cup silencers. 
Bender: Hey, I don't tell you how to tell me what to do, so don't tell me how to do what you tell me to do. Bender knows when to use finesse. 
Bender: Here ya go. 
Nudar: Put it in the safe, clanky. 
Zoidberg [OC]: Owww! 
Bender: Wheeeeeeee. 
Zoidberg [voice over]: It's the damdest thing ... 
Zoidberg: ... there I was in the dumpster enjoying a moldy fudgesicle when suddenly your hand flies over and slaps me in the tokhes. 
Farnsworth: Yes, well, these things happen. Fortunately the sphereoboom is still safe. 
Farnsworth: Scammed? Me!? Sweetheart?!? Ohh! 
Hermes: You do a nice hand job, Zoidberg. Tell me, If I could find an undamaged body, could you recapitate me? 
Zoidberg: Hermes, I'm a surgeon. When I see two body parts I sew them together and see what happens. 
Hermes: Hmmm. 
Hermes: All I'm askin' is for you to go back in time to when I still had my body and bring it back for me. 
Bender: What do I do with your old head? 
Hermes: I don't care in the slightest. 
Bender Can do! 
Hermes: Come on, mon! 
Zoidberg Hermes, please. You can't hurry a delicate operation like this. 
Hermes What are those? 
Hermes: You incompetent crab! 
Zoidberg: I thought you were happy, your tail is wagging. 
Hermes: Grrrrrr.... 
Farnsworth: I believe this paradoicality equation to be unsolvable, ergo time travel is impossible. But I can't quite prove it, Bubblegum. Perhaps you and your razzle dazzle Globetrotter calculus could ... 
Bubblegum Looks pretty damn solvable to me, Farnsy. Sweet Clyde, use variation of parameter and expand the Wronskian. 
Farnsworth: Shizz, baby. So paradox free time travel is possible after all. 
Bubblegum: Right on. But dig this multiplicand here. 
Farnsworth: The doom field? That must be what corrects the paradoxes. 
Curly Joe: When that momma rises exponentially, it could rupture the very fabric of causality. 
Nibbler: That's what I've been trying to tell you. 
Farnsworth: Hermes, you got your body back. Hurrah! 
Hermes: Yes, but not the original. Bender went back in time and picked up a copy. 
Bubblegum: A copy! Funky cold medina. According to this equation, a time travel duplicate results in a complex denominator in the causality ratio. 
Sweet Clyde: Oh Snap! Bet you know what that means. 
Hermes: I can guess. Actually, I can't guess. 
Bubblegum: Prof, you got a doom meter in this lab. 
Farnsworth Good Lord, Bubblegum. The duplicate body is emitting doom at ten times the back ground level. 
Bubblegum: I thought as much. A duplicate body is always doomed. It's just a matter of time. 
Hermes: I don't care. I just need it long enough to bird dog in an win LaBarbara back. 
Bubblegum: Best bird dog fast my brother. 
Hermes: That the way I bird dog best. 
Lars: Drink, quick. I can't balance it much longer. 
Leela
Lars: Yes! 
Leela: This is so much fun Lars. Most men are intimidated by the fact that I could kill them with the flick of my wrist. 
Lars: Well not me. 'Cause if you do, you'll be stuck with the check. 
Elzar Folks, care for a little fresh ground executive? 
Leela: Please. 
Elzar: Bam! 
Elzar: Don't get excited kids, this thing's got heart shaped nostrils. Want to see it make a star? 
Leela and Lars: No! 
Bender: Here's your Gutenberg Bible master. Plus the Colonel's secret recipe: Chicken, Grease, Salt. 
Fleb: Well, that does it. We've got every valuable object in history. 
Fry: Owww! 
Nudar: Hmm. Now that I'm rich I suddenly care if the universe gets destroyed. We can't use that dangerous time code again. Blank it from the robot's memory. 
Bender: Ahhhhh. 
Nudar: I'll vaporize this guy so his ass doesn't fall into the wrong hands. 
Fry: Why don't you just remove my tattoo? 
Nudar: Nice try. But you might have memorized it. 
Fry: No I mighn't. I can't even remember my mother's maiden name. 
Nudar: It's Gleisner. 
Fry Stupid naked aliens. Stupid Lars. I hate the future. 
Fry: Hmmmm! 
Bubblegum: Man, that cube root was a real buzzer beater, Clyde. 
Fry: Zero. One. One. One. Zero. Zero. One. One! 
Schlump: Blast him. 
Bender: Ha ha! You missed! Oh great master. 
Fry: Hello 2000. I'm home. 
Voice: (OC) Happy New Year, naked weirdo!
Fry: Happy new year. 
Nudar: Well, we'll never know where the ass guy went, and since we can't kill him, I say live and let live. 
Bender: Aww, that's sweet boss. Fry'll be nice and cozy back in the year 2000. 
Nudar: What?! How do you know he went to the year 2000? 
Bender: That's where he always goes. 
Nudar: Hmm. Better play it safe. Go there a little earlier and wait for him. You know what to do. 
Bender: You want me to concludify him, like some sort of dispatcherator? 
Nudar: Yes. And don't forget to terminate him. 
Bender: Got it. Preparing to terminate Philip Fry!
Schlump: What's with the doofy sun glasses? 
Bender
Bender Ohhh! 
Bender: Hey, there you are! ... Oh, wait, that's Fry before he goes to the future. I'm waiting for the one who comes back from the future. Geesh this is confusing, and I bet it's gonna get a lot more confusing. Offf. That cheap beer really goes right through you. For the first time ever, I gotta use the bathroom, but if I leave, I might miss Fry. Ohhhh unless .... 
Bender-2: ... and I bet it's gonna get a lot more confusing. Huh! Ah! Wha? 
Bender: Hi, I'm you from 19 seconds in the future. Stay here and wait for Fry while I go to the bathroom. 
Bender-2: Ok Boss. After I kill Fry you're next. 
Bender: What? 
Bender-2: Nothing. 
Bender-2: What the? Who are you? 
Bender-3: I'm Bender from way at the end. I came back to put this rub-on time code on Fry's ass. 
Bender-2: So what are you now, a butler? Spot of tea please, jerkwad!
Bender-3: It's called class, you yokel. Now if you'll excuse me, I have a buttocks to tattoo. 
Fry: Hello 2000. I'm home. 
Voice: (OC) Happy New Year, naked weirdo!
Fry: Happy new year. 
Bender-2: Hasta la vista, meatbag!
Fry: Bender? What are you doing? It's me, your best friend. 
Bender-2: Must obey orders. Ohhhhh. Mustn't kill friend!! Ohhhhhh!!! Badly want to urinate!!!!!
Fry: What's happening? Are you urinating? 
Bender-2 Explosion in seven, six, ... 
Fry: It'll be a cold day in hell my friend. 
Bender-2 Hey, I'm supposed to be the one saying cool things!
Bender: Hey ... so the game of cat and mouse begins, huh? Let us match wits. .... Ohhhh, how am I supposed to find him? All those times he blabbed on and on about his life in the twentieth century. If only I'd paid the slightest bit of attention. Oh well, guess I'd better go kill myself. 
Cryogenicist (from Jurassic Bark): Hello, bartender? I have thought it over, and far from being a fat pig, you are very nice and I would like another drink ... 
Bender Helloooo? Kill me you stupid machine. ... What the ... local calls fifty cents? It's a street corner telephone parlor! Oh what kind of horrible suicide free time is this? Wait a minute, maybe this handy encyclopedia of humans will help me track Fry down. 
Bender: One of these Frys must be Fry. Look out Philip Fry, 'cause I got a little present for you. 
Fat Man name is Phillip Fry. Where's my present. 
Bender: Hang on a second Fry. I don't remember you being that ugly. 
Fat Man: Oh no, I've always been this ugly. 
Bender No tattoo. Okay, you can go. 
Fat Man: Farewell sir. 
Bender: Say your prayers, Fry. 
Michelle: This isn't Fry. I kicked Fry out two hours ago. This is my new boyfriend ... uhhh ... 
Constantine: Constantine. 
Michelle: Really? That's a dumb name. Ewwww. 
Bender Ohh, nice, now I see why she left Fry. 
Bender: Okay, you're still clean. I mean metaphorically. 
Bender: He must have left the city. Man, this could take all day. 
Phil: The returns are looking good, Mr. Gore. 
Al Gore: Thanks, Phil. Here's to four years of clean air, clean government, and amazing new technologies such as ... 
Al Gore: ... ROBOT! 
Bender: Philip Fry? 
Transition Announcer: Twelve years passed. Then ... 
Transition Announcer: ... this. 
Bender: Philip J. Fry? 
Yancy Fry, Jr.: Phil, some kind of trash can here to see you. He's coming. 
Philip J. Fry II: Are you made of Tinkertoy? 
Bender: Hmmm. It's been twelve years. Maybe I'm getting taller. 
Philip J. Fry II: You're not getting smarter. 
Bender: Listen, pipsqueak, are you Philip J. Fry or not? 'Cause if you are, I'm here to kill you. 
Philip J. Fry II: I'd like to see you try. 
Philip J. Fry II You want Uncle Phil. He went to the North Pole on a fishing boat. 
Bender: Ahhhh! The North Pole? I was just there. 
Bender It is him, I'd recognize me, and hence him, anywhere. 
Bender: Follow that guy. There's an extra hundred in it for you if you follow him so close that you run him over. 
Al Gore: (cab driver) Yes sir. 
Al Gore: Dang. That hundred dollars could have bought me one gallon of gas. 
Bender Others however will call me the world's sexiest killing machine who's fun at parties. Fry, old buddy, it's me, Bender. 
Bender Oh god, what have I done? 
Bender: Preparing to terminate Philip Fry. 
Schlump: What's with the doofy sun glasses? 
Bender: It's really bright in the past.
Bender Mission accomplished. 
Schlump: Fry is dead? 
Bender I'm the greatest. 
Head cleaner: Time code and obedience virus erased. 
Bender: Huh? 
Head cleaner: Also, fifty terabytes of porn. 
Bender: Hey! 
Nudar: You've got no porn, no code, and you're ugly! Let's dance! 
Leela: Now it's true we'll all miss Fry. 
Zoidberg: He was the only one of you who never struck me. 
Leela: And we'll never see if boyish smile and hair horn again. But I bet he went back to his own time. I'm sure he was very happy and lived to a ripe old age. 
Bender: He wasn't and he didn't! 
Bender
Amy: Awww, don't blame yourself, Bender. 
Bender: I don't blame myself, I blame all of you. 
Amy: Us?! How can you possibly blame us? 
Bender Ohhh, Fry, I'd give anything to unmurder you!
Fry: Did someone call me? 
Bender But ... I killed you in 2012. Unless ... 
Fry: Ooph! 
Bender: Nope, he's not a zombie. 
Lars: Welcome back Fry. 
Fry Thank you, Lars. 
Lars I .. ah ... I .. I'll see you later, honey. 
Farnsworth: So tell us Fry. If Bender killed you centuries ago, how in Satan's glorious name did you return? 
Fry: Ohh, it's an astonishing tale of incredibleness. It all began when I went back in time. 
Farnsworth: Duhhh. 
Fry: Hey, Mr. Panucci, I'm back from that delivery to the cryogenic lab. 
Panucci: Great. I'll put you on the cover of Big Whoop magazine! 
Fry: Mmmm, I'm starving. Can I have a slice? 
Panucci: Help yourself. Cash up front. 
H.G. Blob: This note is legal tender. 
Fry: (VO) Unfortunately, I had no money from that era. But that's when it hit me - I knew where to find free pizza. 
Fry Ohh, ice cold. 
Fry: (VO) That's when it hit me again ... 
Fry Zero zero one one zero ... 
Bender-2 Explosion in seven, six ... 
Fry-2: It'll be a cold day in hell my friend. 
Bender-2 Hey, I'm supposed to be the one saying cool things!
Fry: Nice kick, me. 
Fry-2: Thanks. What are you doing here? 
Fry: One hour from now, I travel back in time for free pizza. 
Fry-2: But Nibbler said not to use the time code. 
Fry: Fine, Mr. Responsible, don't use the code. Mmmmm. That pizza sure was good. 
Fry-2: You pig. 
Fry: Whatever. 
Fry: (VO) That's when it hit me yet a third time ... 
Fry: You idiot, frozen me's still got a wallet full of old timey money. 
Fry: Yuck, I touched my own butt. 
Fry: So I unfroze ten minutes ago and I walked over here and then it was now and then I don't know what happened. 
Bender: Well, I'm glad you're alive, but I don't want people to say I'm incompetent so I better kill you again. Hold still. 
Farnsworth: Bender! Stop killing for a minute. The Fry you murdered was doomed anyway. See? 
Bender: What'd ya got there? Numbers? 
Farnsworth: When the time code duplicates a living thing, the copy is always doomed. And that includes flabby Jamaican potbellies. 
Hermes: Kiss my front butt. 
Fry: So my copy lives twelve years before Bender murdered him? 
Bender: Brutally murdered. 
Fry: I wonder what his life was like? 
Scruffy: I guess we'll never know. 
Zoidberg: Or will we? 
Scruffy: Nope. 
Transition Announcer: They won't know, but you will. Lucky you. 
Fry-2: Oh hey Mr. Panucci, I'm back from the delivery to the cryogenic lab. 
Panucci: I know. I read about it in Big Whoop magazine. 
Fry-2: So ... uh ... my girlfriend kicked me out. Can I rent the upstairs storage room? 
Panucci: The upstairs storage? I like you kid. Your lousy life makes me feel good about myself. The room's yours. Here, take some rat spray for the meat ball hamper. 
Hermes: Happy day, mon! It's good to have you back. 
Nibbler: Indeed, but the scammers will soon sprunje the code again. We must remove the time tattoo at once, and as painlessly as possible. 
Lars: Hurry, they're coming. 
Nibbler: There, the code is gone. I saved the space-time continuum and forty percent of your rectum. 
Bubblegum: That's all you need. 
Nudar: I sprunje code. 
Nibbler: Too late, Nudar. I've wiped Fry's butt clean. 
Nudar: We'll see about that. 
Fleb: Nothing boss. We sprunjed his ass inside and out. 
Schlump: The only information we found was a hair shaped like the number six. 
Nudar mmm. Nine. Alright, let him go, I guess the time code really is gone. 
Fry: Thank god. The present may stink, but at least now we can look forward to a better yesterday. 
Fry-2: I'm sorry Leela, I can't keep living in the past, by which I mean the future. I'll always love you, but I've got to move on and find my life's purpose. 
TV Anchorman: ... and that how Bundles the monkey finally found a friend. 
Fry-2: I miss Morbo. 
TV Anchorman: And finally tonight on the late, cute animal news, a story that will really tug your heartstrings, way more than bundles, the doll-raping monkey. It's the tale of lonely Leelu, the little orphan narwhal. 
Fry-2: Awww. 
Dr. Schlovinowitz: (on TV) Leelu is a rare, toothed female narwhal who got disoriented and washed up in Atlantic City, as we all do from time to time. But without a mother, she's lost the will to eat. Come on, take a sip. 
Fry-2: I know how to make things eat. Maybe this is my purpose in life. 
Fry: Hi, I'd like to apply for a job working with Leelu. 
Dr. Schlovinowitz: Question number one, do you have any experience working with marine mammals? 
Fry-2: No, but I think they're pretty neat. 
Dr. Schlovinowitz: That answers question number two. Question number three, do you know where the door is or would you prefer to be kicked out? 
Fry-2: I don't know. I guess kicked out. 
Fry-2: Hiya girl. My name's Fry, and I think you're a cutie 'cause I like things that have only one thing instead of two things. 
Dr. Schlovinowitz: Holy mackerel, she's eating whole mackerel. I don't know what your secret is but if you'll work for minimum wage you can start tomorrow. 
Fry-2: If I work of less than minimum, can I start today? 
Dr. Schlovinowitz: I don't see why not. 
Morbo: (on TV) In business news, the weak and gullible inhabitants of Earth were plunged into economic depression today as the scammer aliens finished stealing every item of value, including ownership of this station. 
Linda
Nudar: Tough times earth chumps. We're repossessing your TV. Seems you can't afford it now that you're unemployed.
Zoidberg: We're not unemplo -- 
Lars: I love the hard museum at night. It's where I come to be alone. 
Heads: Hi Lars. 
De Gaulle: Ah, Lars and la belle Leela. I trust you brought some haute cuisine for an old Frenchman. 
Lars: You're favorite General, Torgo's Executive Powder. 
De Gaulle: Mmmm. Magnifique. 
Lars: Come on Leela, let me show you the hall of screaming skulls. 
Leela
Lars: What's wrong? Is the screaming depressing you? 
Leela: It's just ... my life is changing so fast. I don't know who I am anymore. 
Lars: I know who you are. You're the woman I've been waiting for all my life. 
Leela: Let's go to my place. 
Lars: I ... like what you've done with it. 
Leela: "All tenants evicted, signed new owners"? 
Nudar: That would be us, dump cakes. We're buying the whole city and turning it into a private panda hunting reserve.  Na-na-na!!
Leela: There aren't any Pandas in New New York. 
Schlump: Back it up, Sal!
Amy: Look at us, living like trash eating bums in an alley now. 
Zoidberg: Yes. Now. 
Tinny Tim ooofff. 
Bender: Oops. 
Farnsworth: Well, at least we have each other, so it truly is the worst Xmas ever. 
Hermes: Santa! 
: Ah, the Planet Express crew. According to my list 
Fry: That's it. I don't see how things could get any worse. 
Bender: We could sing. 
Farnsworth: I'd rather kill myself. 
Amy: Why not do both? 
Farnsworth: Oh, very well. 
Nudar: Neh! 
Leela: Lars brought me candy. 
Fry, Amy, Zoidberg, Bender, Tinny Tim, and Nibbler: Cram it down and shut the hell up! 
Hermes: I can't compete with that. 
Leela: Lars says I'm dreamy. 
Fry, Zoidberg, Amy, Tinny Tim, Bender, Farnsworth: Who the hell cares? 
Santa That's my cue. 
Tinny Tim: Oh my word! 
Leela: Hey, guess what guys! 
Zoidberg: What? 
Zoidberg: Mazel tov!
Amy: May stars in heaven bless your love!
Fry: Now could things get any worse. 
Santa: Ho! Ho! Ho. 
Lars: Stop screaming. That's just what the bomb wants us to do. 
Zoidberg
Lars: Don't worry, a bomb in a case is just like a head in a jar. 
Leela Oh Lars! No blowing us up make me love you even more. 
Fry: Life saving goody goody ... 
Farnsworth: Well now that death has been staved off momentarily, let me be the first to say congratulations Leela and Lars. 
Amy: Maid of honor! 
Zoidberg Maid of honor! Ohhh. 
Fry I could make you happy too, if only you'd give me a chance. 
Dr. Schlovinowitz: You've done a wonderful job, Fry. When you first started, I thought she'd be dead within a narweek, which is six days I believe. 
Fry-2
Dr. Schlovinowitz: Now that the kind of whale behavioral science they don't teach you in whale behavioral science class. 
Fry: So what's up, Dr. Schlovinowitz? 
Dr. Schlovinowitz This is a little hard for me to say Fry. You see, it's ... it's time we released Leelu back into the wild. 
Dr. Schlovinowitz: I'm sorry. The decision is final. Plus we need the tank for the Loch Ness monster. 
Fry-2: But that turned out to be a log with a Halloween mask stapled to it. 
Dr. Schlovinowitz: Yes, well, it still draws a crowd. 
Fry-2: I can't let this happen, she'll never be happy without me. 
Elzar: I know you're broke and homeless but you still want a swank wedding reception so I whipped you up some real nice budge appetizers. 
Lars Mmmm. I can keep these down. 
Elzar: Okay! That's a big "yes" on the crud puffs. Try the shlimp cocktail. 
Fry: There must be some way I can stop this wedding. What if I steal the wedding ring?
Bender
Fry: You think that'll be enough to stop the ceremony. 
Bender: Nope. I pulled the old switcheroo, so they won't even know the difference. Wait a minute, I think the copy I made cost more than this. 
Fry: Cheap lousy Lars. 
Bender Actually this is extremely nice, but I really went all out on the copy. It was sorta my gift to them. 
Fry: I can't let this happen. She'll never be happy without me. 
Fry-2: It's not fair, we need each other. 
Panucci
Fry-2: You need your blanket Mr. Panucci. 
Panucci: I don't even want to be here. I only came 'cause you wheeled me. But if that narwal means so much to you, you gotta do something. 
Fry-2: I know. But I can't just go chasing after her. That'd be nuts. 
Panucci: Ah, Sometimes you gotta be a little nuts. Let me introduce you to my cousin. He owns a small freighter. That's him, right behind us. 
Fry-2 Sir, I'd like to engage your ship for a trans-Arctic voyage to capture a Narwhal and bring it back to my room. 
Panucci: The mans is nuts, Leroy.
Leroy: Professional whale keeper, eh? I've carried your type before and we don't get along. Oh, I agree with your values and your goals and your methods, but somehow we just never click on a personal level. 
Fry-2: I'm not a professional anymore. Just a narwal loving private citizen. 
Leroy: Then I'm you man. We'll take on three barrels of fresh sausage and sail at dawn. 
Terry Welcome to the wedding. 
Fry
Bender Oy vey. 
LaBarbara: Go on now, mon, don' cha' know nothin' about zippin' up a woman's frock? 
Slim
Hermes: Get your clumsy, muscular hands off my woman, Barbados. 
LaBarbara: Hermes! Your body! 
Slim: I always said you were a little backward. 
Hermes: Well, I always said you were a little forward ... with my wife. 
Bystanders: ohhh! 
Hermes: Consider yourself bird dogged. 
LaBarbara: That's my man. Take a boat, Barbados. 
Bubblegum: Brother, you gots to tell that sweet thing your time duplicate body is doomed. 
Hermes: Tomorrow morning. After the "festivities". 
Bubblegum Yow, baby! 
Munda Our little girl is finally getting married. And to a normal two eyed human. 
Morris: Eh, he's not good enough for her. Leela deserves a guy with a dozen eyes. 
Munda
Father Changstein-el-Gamahl: Dearly liked, we are gathered here before one or more gods, or fewer, to joining this couple in pretty good matrimony. If anyone objects to this union, let them speak now or forever hold their piece, or do something else. 
Leroy: It's been two years, Fry. We've caught a hundred and eight narwhals and set them all free again. 
Fry-2: None of them were Leelu. 
Inuit #1: But all of them were edible. 
Inuit #2 Can we at least eat that one? I'm sick of sausage. 
Fry-2 I'd know that modified extended tooth anywhere. To the boats! 
Fry-2: Leelu! Leelu! It's me, Fry.
Fry-2 Oh, I've missed you too, Leelu. But we'll never be apart again because we care too much for each other. Fire!
Father Changstein-el-Gamahl: Now, if the couple will sign the wedding license. 
Farnsworth: I warned him. I warned him a time paradox duplicate is always doomed.
Lars What? 
LaBarbara: Oh, no, my man! He's essentially dead again. 
Dr. Cahill: Relax ma'am. Your husband's original body will be repaired within one week. 
LaBarbara: Nah uh uh. Not soon enough. Boy needs a daddy. 
Slim: Cruel runnings, mon. Dr. Cahill: Woopsy-doopsy, poopsy. 
Hermes: Well, let's get on with it. Don't let my doomed body and my doomed marriage stand in the way of your happiness. 
Lars: No, it's not right. We don't want our happy day tainted by misfortune and tragedy, do we? 
Leela: I'm OK with it. 
Lars: No, it's not right. The wedding is off. 
Bender
Fry: Finally, a happy ending. 
TV Announcer And now it's time for Everybody Loves Hypnotoad. 
Zoidberg: Even in a depression, the entertainment industry thrives. 
Fry: Are you okay, Leela? 
Leela: Yeah, I'm just a little down 'cause the only man I'll ever love left me at the altar. Plus I live in a dumpster. 
Zoidberg You stay out of my dumpster! 
Announcer: We interrupt this episode of Everybody Loves Hypnotoad to bring you a special address from Earth President Nixon. 
Announcer: Please, Hypnotoad, it's beyond my control. No! Don't make me kill myseIf! 
Nixon: My fellow Earthicans, I'm about to close a deal that will allow us to buy Earth back from the scammers. 
Bender: That'll teach those scammers and me. 
Nixon: Just when things looked darkest, I received an e-mail from the Andrrrrrrromeda Galaxy. lt seems we've won their quadrillion-dollar family sweepstakes! 
Leela: Oh, Lord. 
Nixon Baroo! There ... seems to have been some ... We've been scammed again, people. Prepare to evacuate Earth. I mean, New Scamadonia. 
Nudar, Fleb and Schlump: Na-na-na-na, Na-na-na-na, Hey, hey, hey, We took your stuff!, etc.
Leela: All aboard for Neptune! 
Farnsworth: Oh, I don't want to go to Neptune. 
Nudar: Thanks for the planet, suckers. 
Bender: It's so cold, my processor is running at peak efficiency. 
Leela. 
Zoidberg Oh, Yetis. 
Leela: Don't mess with me, you ice-crapping snow-honkies. I just got dumped. 
Hermes: Sweet Yeti of the Serengeti, she's gone crazy eddie in the head-y. 
Inuit #2: Is that normal? 
Inuit #1: No. Perhaps if we were to cook and eat her slightly... 
Fry-2: Leave her alone. She just needs me to cheer her up. Wanna sword fight, girl? 
Fry-2: That male narwhal seems to be upsetting her. Get us out of here, Captain. Full fast ahead. 
Leroy: Damn whale keepers. 
Leela: Santa! We forgot he's based on Neptune. 
Santa Ho. Ho. Ho... 
Fry: What happened, Santa? 
Santa: Can you imagine the harm they could do with that information? I wanted to do that harm! 
Leela: That's it. They've gone too far. It's time to fight back. 
Santa: Now, let's not resort to violence, Leela. 
Leela: We're fighting back and you're helping us, you fat holiday idiot. 
Santa: That hurt. You're on the naughty list! 
Leela: So that's our proposal napkin, Mr. President. We have just enough people and ships to mount a ragtag attack. 
Nixon: You wish, missy. Dog-danged scammers used our money to build a fleet of remote-controlled, solid-gold Death Stars. 
Bender: Ooh! I'd take one of those with a side of chili fries. 
Nixon: We're hopelessly outgunned. The Force is with us, but that's about it. 
Santa: Ah, but we have access to a huge manufacturing complex. 
Kwanzabot: Kwanzabot 
Chanukah Zombie
Neptunians: Damn you!  Doo, doo, doodoo!
Neptunians: Says who? Doo, doo, doodoo!
Neptunians: Ten hut! Doo, doo, doodoo!
Kwanzabot: Santa: Yeah, K? 
Kwanzabot: CZ? 
Santa: Can they sue for liability? 
Nixon: Certainly not! 
Santa: Use as much as you are able. 
Neptunians: This bites. Doo, doo, doodoo!
Leela Now, let's fight. 
Nixon Let's fight.
Neptunians: Doo, doo, doodoo!
Santa, Chanukah Zombie and Kwanzabot: This trinity's going to war! 
Leela: Troops, you are now equipped with the finest weapons magical elves can build. As for the battle plan... 
Nixon: And now, to present the battle plan, Commander Zapp Brannigan! 
Leela: What? 
Zapp: At ease, people. I was redecorating my undisclosed location when I received word of an heroic invasion. Kif, crouch down and shield my thighs from the cold, for God's sake. 
Zapp: We fight this battle, not for ourselves, but for our children and our children's children. Which is why I'm forming a children's brigade. Will the following youths please step forward? Cubert Farnsworth. 
Cubert: Here, sir! 
Farnsworth: My boy. Oh, God, no! 
Zapp: Dwight Slim. 
Dwight: Here. 
Hermes: You took his name? Oh, God, no! In several ways! 
Zapp: Assuming the 15th pile of children buys us a few seconds, we will then execute maneuver 45. Followed by maneuver 44. 
Kif: Forty-six. 
Zapp: Oh, great. Now I have to start back at the beginning with maneuver two. 
Kif: One. 
Lars: Admiral, will we stop attacking at any point or is this one of those phony-baloney, feel-good wars like the war on drugs? 
Zapp: What's your name, smart mouth? 
Lars: Lars Fillmore. 
Zapp: Ah, the lovely Leela's on-again, off-again paramour. Perhaps a suicide mission would knockthe insubordination out of you. 
Leela: Yes, yes, yes. 
Kif: We're approaching Earth, sir. 
Zapp
Leela: Does anybody mind if I take command? 
Nibbler: No. 
Sal: Nos. 
Bubblegum: Nah. 
Al Gore: Nope. 
Cubert: No, Miss Turanga. 
Donbot: No, I do not. 
Santa: No. 
Kwanzabot: It's cool.
Chanukah Zombie: Argh!
Leela: All right. Unit one, acquire target A and fire! 
Fleb: Yes! Nailed the children's ship. 
Farnsworth: Bingo! 
Hattie: Cheating son of a... 
Al Gore: Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! 
Leela: It's hopeless! I can't coordinate this many ships! 
Hermes: Perhaps I can help! Professor, can you wire my head directly into the battle grid? 
Farnsworth: I can wire anything directly into anything. I'm the professor! 
Hermes: Then prepare to see a bureaucrat's brain in action. 
Al Gore: Finally, I get to save the Earth with deadly lasers instead of deadly slide shows. 
Clamps: He's champing for a clamping! 
Kwanzabot: Kwa-zang! 
Hermes: I did it! I saved Earth and won back my woman. Right, woman? 
LaBarbara: Oh, Hermes, I've been such a fool. 
Slim: You haven't seen the last of Barbados Slim! Now, goodbye forever. 
Nudar: Remember this, Farnsworth? 
Farnsworth: Farnsworth? That's me! My doomsday device! So it was the scammers! They sawed off my hand and stole the doomsday device. 
Bender: lt wasn't them. lt was me, Bender. The master criminal! 
Nudar: So what'll it be? - Unconditional surrender? 
Leela: Never! 
Nudar: Or totaI destruction? 
Leela: Also never! 
Nudar: You have 30 seconds. Make up your minds! 
Leela Nevvveeeeer! 
Bender
Nudar: Uh-oh. I have a worrisome shriveling sensation in my sprunjer. 
Amy: Yay! Bender! 
Fry: All right! 
Fry: Bender, how the Hulk did you end up with the doomsday device? 
Bender: I was working the long con all along. While sawing off the professor's hand with an extremely dull saw, I had some time to think. So I asked myself, "Who could use a doomsday device more? The scammers or me, Bender?". After several minutes of sawing, I knew the answer. Me, Bender. So I retrieved the dummy satchel ... 
Bender: (VO) ... and as soon as I was out of the scammers' control, I pulled the old switcheroo. 
Bender: And that's how I saved Earth and am the greatest! 
Nixon: Bender the robot, I'm proud to present you Earth's highest award for swindling. The Dirty Double-Cross. 
Bender: I'll aways treasure it and immediately hock it. 
Lars: There, your body's good as new. Just pop in an executive suppository every few... 
Fry: What is it? 
Leela: Nothing. 
Fry: It's supposed to be a celebration, Leela. I mean, come on. Whimmy-wham-wham-whazle! 
Leela: I can't help it. I was gonna be married. I was so happy. 
Fry: Well, maybe you'll meet someone else someday. 
Leela: No, you don't understand. Lars is the only man I'll ever love. I know it in my heart. 
Fry: You remember when we first met? 
Leela: Uh-huh. lt was right there in the cryogenic lab, eight years ago today. 
Fry: Meet me there in five minutes. It's important. 
Fry-2: Why are you so sad, Leelu? 
Fry-2 Wait a second, are you two... 
Fry-2: Atanarjuat, Fufu, come here! We have to set Leelu free. 
Inuit #2: Dang. I never should have quit my job at the casino. 
Fry-2: Me, neither. But she needs what'll make her happy, not what'll make me happy. 
Fry-2: Goodbye, Leelu. 
Lars: I don't much know about frozen heads, but, of course, if it's Mahatma Gandhi, I'll... Leela? 
Leela: Lars? 
Lars: I... I really have to go, I... 
Leela: Fry, was this an idiotic trick to get Lars and me back together? 
Fry: Quite idiotic. But you don't need to be an idiot to see that you two belong together. And, Leela,I want what'll make you happy, not what'll make me happy. 
Lars: I'm sorry, I really am, but Leela and I just can't be married. 
Fry: Why not? You obviously love each other. What are you, cousins? 
Lars: Fry, you deserve to know the truth. It's because... 
Nudar: Nobody move! 
Leela: Nudar! How did you survive the doom blast? 
Nudar: My doom-proof platinum vest absorbed most of the radiation. In retrospect, I wish I'd been wearing doom-proof pants, but you know us nudists. Now give me the time code! 
Fry: I don't have it! Nibbler heat-blasted it off my butt. 
Nudar: Not you. 
Nudar: You! 
Leela: Lars? He doesn't have it. He never had it. Fry had it! 
Fry: But Nibbler heat-blasted it off my butt! I want to stress that part! 
Nudar: My throbbing sprunjer says otherwise. Now where is it? 
Lars: I'm not afraid of you or your expensive gun! Go ahead and shoot! 
Nudar: Oh, yeah? Then what if I kill the woman you love? 
Leela: Don't you understand, numb-neck? He doesn't love me! 
Lars I've... always loved you. Don't hurt her. I'll give you the code. 
Nudar: What the... 
Bender-2 Woah! 
Leela: Lars, no! 
Fry-2 It's enough just to know you're happy. 
Fry-2 You, too. It's enough to know you're happy with Lars. 
Bender
Fry-2: My hair! 
Fry-2: My larynx! 
Lars: I'm Lars?  I'm Lars! 
Fry: Wait for me, Leela! I'll be there in a thousand years. 
Lars So I got a job at the Head Museum and waited for the wonderful day when Leela would arrive. Everything was perfect until Hermes exploded at our wedding. That's when I learned that, as a time paradox duplicate, I, too, was doomed. I couldn't put Leela through that. So I called it off. I'm sorry, Leela. 
Leela I understand. 
Crazy Guy: That concludes another Silly Willy Wideo Will! 
Fry: He was a good man, Leela. 
Leela: Yeah... you were. 
Farnsworth: Well, I guess that wraps everything up in a nice, paradox-free bow. 
Bubblegum: Not quite, my wrinkly brother. 
Nibbler: Right on! In order for any of this to make any sense at all, someone must make one final trip back in time to put the code on Fry's ass in the first place! 
Bender: Sounds like a job for me, Bender. 
Bender: Zero, zero, one, one, zero, zero... 
Bender: Mission accomplished! 
Fry: You put the time code on my ass? 
Bender: Someone's ass. Oh, and guess what? I met all these really cool guys with treasure down in the limestone cavern, so I invited them to stick around instead of coming up when they were logically supposed to. 
Nibbler: No! No! Everyone out of the universe! Quick! 
Bender: What's the worst that can happen? 
Bender.
Narrator: Previously on Futurama.
Morbo: It has now been one month since space ripped open like flimsy human skin. Terrified earthlings are beginning to grow exhausted.
Hermes: Professor, sprinkle us with wisdom from your mighty brain. How scared should we be?
Professor: Somewhere between not at all and entirely.
Zoidberg
Morbo: Scientists believe the rip is a gateway to another universe, but do not know what mysteries lie beyond. However, in this reporter's opinion gruesome death awaits us all!
Linda: And now with sports, here's Sportsbot 5000.
Sportsbot 5000: All sports cancelled.
Professor: To better understand the anomaly, I will now focus its radiation on a giant medium-sized ant to see what happens.
Giant medium-sized ant: What's going on here? I was told there would be sugar syrup.
Professor
Fry: Oh, hey, everyone, this is Colleen.
ALL: Hello!
Amy: I like your shoes.
Bender: This is awkward. Introducing your new girlfriend to Chesty McNag-nag.
Leela: Oh, don't mind him. I'II turn him off.
Bender: Hey, you can't (voice slowing)turn me off...
Leela: Hi. I'm Leela.
Colleen: Hi, Leela, hi, everyone. Sorry I've been taking up so much of Fry's time. He's just so interesting. Have you seen how much cotton candy he can eat?
Professor
Fry
Zoidberg: This lovey-dovey stuff is making me vomit from my saltwater and freshwater stomachs.
Leela: It is pretty sickening.
Zoidberg: No, the double-vomit is a sign of joy. Fry told me how he and Colleen first met.
Zoidberg: So, how did you and Colleen first meet?
Fry: Well...
Fry: Something about seeing it on the Jumbotron makes it so much more real.
Colleen: It's so scary. What are you supposed to do when the whole universe is coming to an end?
Fry
Bender: This is gonna be juicy. What? Oh, man!
Amy: Speaking of sappy love... Want to tell them, Kiffy?
Kif: Yes, Amy and I have a big announcement. I... That is, we... Oh, I'm just so excited.
Amy
Zoidberg: Mazel tov!
Professor: Wonderful!
Hermes: What the hell does that mean?
Kif: It means I've asked Amy to join my family. And you're all invited to my family swamp for our Fonfon Rubok ceremony.
Amy: If I had ever heard of it, it would have been what I had always dreamed of.
Kif: Oh! And our parents will be meeting for the first time ever.
Bender
Kif: Mr. And Mrs. Wong, aren't you excited that we're all about to be joined in a single family?
Mr. Wong: You can't borrow money.
Mrs. Wong
Kif: Mrs. Wong, no. The finial stage of my species' life cycle is a colony of flying hookworms. You just squashed part of my father.
Mr. Kroker: Welcome.
Mrs. Wong: Sorry. I guess you got plenty of bugs to spare though, huh?
Mr. Kroker: That was my left testicle.
Bender And the awkward meter goes up another notch. Ding, ding, ding, ding ding...
Fry: Wow, Colleen, you look so beautiful in the light of the swamp gas.
Colleen: Thanks. This is really fun. I love going to exotic worlds and getting hammered.
Fry: Me, too.
Bartender
Zapp: Leela, I can't help but notice you're unescorted. Might I escort you behind that bush for the next five minutes?
Leela: Nothing would revolt me more.
Zapp: Then how about that shrub?
Kif: Ooh! Rubok is begun.
Grand Midwife: I am the Grand Priestess.
Fry: Aren't you also the Grand Midwife?
Grand Midwife: And the grand Lunch Lady. I work five jobs, all grand. Kif of the clan Kroker, please transcend the Rubok Etlon with your Fonfon Smizmar Ru.
Kif: What?
Grand Midwife As you become one with the ooze, so you become one with the clan Kroker.
Amy: Oh, Kif, it's like a movie with this happening in it.
Grand Midwife: Is the best man present?
Zapp: Guilty as charged.
Grand Midwife: Kindly hose the couple.
Grand Midwife It's not part of the ceremony. I just had an extra snake. Rubok is complete. Throw the bouquet.
Zoidberg
Bender Fry, run, run. Get over here, oh, my God, oh, my God!
Fry: What? What is it?
Bender: Shut up already! Calculon's on TV!
Monique: I beg you, Calculon, don't ring that door chime.
Calculon: I have no choice, Monique. Whoever the blackmailer is, he lives behind this hideous yet strangely familiar door.
Human Friend: Calculon residence. Oh, hello, Mr. Calculon.
Calculon: Son of a bit. This is my house. But that means I'm blackmailing myself. Why didn't you tell me, Monique?
Monique: I tried to, but I couldn’t. Oh, Calculon, I'm afraid you have a fourth personality the other three don't know about, and it and I are lovers!
Bender: How's Calculon going to take this, Fry, especially after that humiliating tennis tournament? Fry?
Fry Don't know, Bender. Tonight's my big date with Colleen. I got to run.
Bender: But me and you like to watch together. Look, I got you a cabbage to snack on. Humans like cabbage, right?
Ride Barter Keep your hands in the car, shut up, and have fun.
Fry: Wow, you even look beautiful in 2D.
Colleen
Fry: A really hot line segment. So, listen, sweetie pie, I was thinking maybe we should take this to the next step.
Colleen: Really?
Fry: Yes. Colleen...will you be moved in with by me?
Colleen: (SOFT GASP)
Amy: Way to go.
Zoidberg: Hooray, hooray.
Leela: That's great.
Bender I could just curl up at the foot of the bed. (WHIMPERING)
Professor: Listen up, everyone. I know you've all been extremely worried about the cosmic anomaly.
Hermes: The what? Oh, right.
Professor: But there's good news! We're all going to learn more about it at a scientific conference.
Man walking on screen: ...like a city made of marshmallow.
Stephen Hawking's head: Welcome. I am the pickled head of Stephen Hawking on a way-cool rocket.
Leela (embarrassed)
Stephen Hawking: You should have.
Stephen Hawking: In conclusion, I understand nothing about the anomaly, even after cashing the huge check I got for writing a book about it.
Professor (standing up): I know this anomaly is terrifying. But as scientists, is it not our sworn duty to seek out knowledge, even at the cost of our very lives?
Stephen Hawking: No.
Farnsworth: I say we must mount an expedition to the anomaly forthwith.
Wernstrom: I agree.
Professor: Wernstrom!
Wernstrom
Professor: Don't listen to that crackpot!
Wernstrom: But I'm agreeing with you.
Professor
Wernstrom I volunteer to lead the expedition. I have a squad of graduate students eager to risk their lives for a letter of recommendation.
Professor: Your squad sucks bosons! My team is twice as qualified and three times as expendable.
The PE Crew (standing up): Yeah!
Wernstrom: Oh, tough talk for someone with only one Fields Medal.
Crowd: Ooh!
Stephen Hawking: Ooh!
Professor: Wernstrom, I ought to...
Stephen Hawking: I didn't know I could do that. Now quiet down and settle this like men of science.
Professor (sitting down): Very well.
Professor (VO): Let Deathball begin!
Farnsworth: Go, Planet Express!
Wernstrom: Go even more, my team!
: 0 - Wernstrom
Fry
Colleen (with two beers in her hands): Woo hoo! Bust those balls!
Zoidberg
Leela: Come on, Bender! Your grandmother could push harder than that!
Bender: No crap. My grandmother was a bulldozer.
Bender: And thus metal man defeated meat man. The end.
Colleen: Come here, winner!
Colleen (looking at one of Wernstrom players)
Fry (confused): Colleen, what are you doing? My face is over here.
Colleen: This is my boyfriend, silly!
Fry (confused): I thought I was your boyfriend.
Colleen: You are.
Fry (confused): Well, how can you have two boyfriends?
Colleen Fry, meet Chu, Bolt, Ndulu, and Shlomo.
Chu: Nihow.
Ndulu: Greetings.
Bolt: Pleasure.
Fry: But... But...
Colleen: Shlomo and Ndulu will help you move your stuff into my apartment tonight.
Ndulu: Welcome to the relationship, buddy!
Fry
Chu: There's my butterscotch.
Farnsworth: Congratulations, Deathballers! We've won the right to explore the anomaly!
Zoidberg: What? I thought I was playing for my freedom!
Farnsworth Now, I've often said "good news" when sending you on a mission of extreme danger. So when I say this anomaly is dangerous, you can imagine how dangerous I really think it is.
Hermes: Not dangerous at all?
Farnsworth: Actually, quite dangerous indeed.
Hermes: That is quite dangerous!
Farnsworth: Indeed. Now stop shilly-shallying! Prep the ship and line up for your pre-flight coffee enemas!
Fry: I don't know what to do, Leela. Should I move in with Colleen and her four other boyfriends?
Leela: What are you going to do? Sleep in a big pile like hamsters?
Fry: No! It's not like that. Everyone gets his own room and a shelf in the refrigerator.
Zoidberg (walking by): Take the deal, Fry! If there's a delicious cake, isn't it better to have one slice than none at all? Even if four other guys eat the other four slices, and they're all thrusting their sweaty naked bodies against the cake?
Amy (with Kif)
Fry: Yeah. I do love her.
Kif (high pitched voice)
Farnsworth: Whoa!
Enema Bot: Double espresso for Philip Fry?
Fry (standing up): Sorry, I'm not going on the mission. I'm moving in with Colleen!
Kif: Good for you, Fry.
Zoidberg: Hooray!
Amy: Alright!
Fry
Colleen Welcome to your new home!
Fry I'm just happy to be here with you.
Ndulu: Want a slice of delicious cake?
Bender(VO): (Gasps) The anomaly!
Amy: It's so anomalous.
Hermes: I'm feeling dread deep in my dreads!
Farnsworth: Wernstrom!
Wernstrom: Yes, and I'm afraid I have disturbing news about the anomaly. You see...
Farnsworth: How did you get this number? Hermes, hang up on him in the rudest possible manner.
Hermes (saluting Farnsworth)
Wernstrom
Colleen I've got good wine, five sweethearts, and today, I was promoted to Chief of Police.
Fry (toasting Colleen): Here's to you.
Chu: Me?
Fry: No, Colleen. I'm making a romantic toast.
Chu: Sorry.
Fry: You have the most beautiful eyes I think I...
Ndulu: Thank you.
Fry: I'm not talking to you!
Ndulu: Then I am not talking to you, either.
Schlomo: Will everyone be quiet a little? I want to hear what he has to say!
Fry: Thank you.
Schlomo: Not you, you Verstinkener. You're just here 'cause she likes cave men from the stupid ages.
Bolt: Oh, look who's talking. You're just here 'cause she got matzoh fever.
Ndulu: So, what's the explanation for you, moron fever? (laughs)
Colleen: Enough! All of you! I love you. Most people in this world don't have what we have. Let's just be grateful, okay?
ALL: Yeah.
Chu: Yeah, you're right.
Fry: So, Colleen, you look really nice.
Colleen There he is. Don't wait up!
Fry (angrily)
Ndulu: Me?
Bender (stammering) What's everybody looking at me for?
Bender: "Let's send a robot to explore it. 'Cause you can always buy another one for 20 bucks."
Leela: Really?
Bender: Well, it's 30 bucks, and there's a $10-mail-in rebate. When the League of Robots hears about this, they won't be pleased. Oh, you'll pay, my darlings.
Hermes: The League of Robots doesn't exist, tin mon. It's just a cartoon for babies.
Bender Answer that with your precious logic.
Bender (within inches of the anomaly)
Bender So that's what happened.
Amy: Hey, Bender! Look who's here to cheer you up.
Bender: I don't need cheering up. I'm perfectly...
Calculon (entering the room): Greetings, sick fan.
Bender: (Gasps) TV's Calculon! (He coughs)
Calculon Ordinarily, to see acting like that, you'd have to sit through a tampon commercial.
Colleen (sobbing): Where did we go wrong, Fry? We were meant to be together!
Schlomo: Nu, I'm freezing my tokhes off here.
Colleen (happily): Just a sec, honey!
Bender
Zoidberg
Bender I finally know what I want to be when I grow up.
Hermes: You want to co-star in his TV show? Like that time you already did that?
Bender: No. I'm gonna be a stalker!
Leela: That's not really a career. More of a felony.
Bender Ooh! Big news on the Calculon fan site! There's a flash mob headed for his plastic surgeon's office!
Plastic Surgeon: There, that's as big as I can make it. But I caution you, it looks completely unrealistic.
Calculon: You let me worry about that! Just do your job.
Bender
Man: Get a shot of that.
Fatbot (standing outside "Robot Plastic Surgery")
Crazed Fan: Calculon, I love you! Have my baby!
Calculon
Crazed Fan: He touched me!
Bender
Farnsworth (sniffing)(VO) Leela, smell this.
Leela: Can I wipe it off first?
Farnsworth: No time, woman! No time!
Leela (sniffing)
Farnsworth: Exactly! That's a discontinuous electromagnetic field. Wernstrom tried to warn me, but I was too damn stubborn! Hermes, get Wernstrom on the line so I can apologize.
Wernstrom: Ogden Wernstrom speaking.
Farnsworth (whispering): Tell him I'm not here!
Leela: Professor!
Farnsworth: Oh, very well. Wernstrom, I've been a vainglorious fool! If you can find it in your heart to forgive me, your tiny little heart, would you consider a scientific collaboration?
Wernstrom
Wernstrom Observe.
Pocket Pal: Play time is fun time.
Wernstrom (while hurling the robot into the anomaly): Not this time.
Farnsworth: My heavens! If only I'd heeded your warning, I'd have known it was impossible to cross the barrier!
Wernstrom (while opening a barrel labelled "Lab Animals")
Farnsworth So living beings can enter the other universe, but electrical devices can't?
Wernstrom: My hypothesis exactly.
Farnsworth: Then we must mount a second expedition without delay. Right after we blow up more robots.
Wernstrom: Agreed.
Farnsworth fun time.
Calculon: Who are you?
Bender: Bender, your biggest fan.
Calculon: Are you going to murder me?
Bender
Calculon: Sir, your derangement is impressive. I'm appointing you my official stalker.
Bender
Farnsworth: Now that I've teamed up with my friend, Dr. (spiteful tone) Wernstrom, (normal tone) I feel certain we can successfully penetrate the other universe.
Wernstrom: It's the greatest scientific opportunity since you yourself sent men to the moon in 1969.
Nixon: I always regretted that. Nothing up there but dry rocks and those revolting onion men.
Farnsworth: But...
Nixon: You East Coast intellectuals had your chance. Now beat it! From here on in, this is a military matter.
Nixon: People of the universe, please welcome Rear Brigadier Zapp Brannigan.
Zapp (To crowd) Ever since man first left his cave and met a stranger with a different language and a new way of looking at things, the human race has had a dream. To kill him, so we don't have to learn his language or his new way of looking at things.
Wernstrom: Give science a chance!
Farnsworth: Less invasions, more equations!
Nixon: Damn long-hairs. Knock some sense into them, Chief O'Hallahan.
Colleen
Fry (sobbing): I can't take it, Leela. I need to go away. Far away, forever.
Leela: Aw, I know how you feel, Fry. There are times when I also feel like you need to go away.
Amy: Be careful, my little, teeny, greeny weenie.
Zapp (grabbing/covering his groin): That's just a fungal infection... Oh, she's talking to you, Kif.
Kif
Bender (to Calculon): Wow, how come humans get to do all the fun stuff? This is exactly the sort of thing that ought to be handled by (whispering) The League of Robots.
Calculon: (He laughs.) That's adorable, Bender. You actually believe in the League of Robots?
Bender: You mean, there's really no such thing? Then who's there to mete out justice when an outdated robot is melted into belt buckles? Who's there to defend our honour when a rude human brings a blush to a robo-virgin's cheek?
Calculon: No one.
Bender: Oh.
Bender (VO): Now that I know robots are worthless, with no League of Robots to protect us from the fleshy menace known as man, I have resolved to kill myself. In lieu of flowers, please beat yourselves in the face with rusty chains. Your friend, Bender.
Zoidberg: Ow.
Suicide Booth: Please select mode of death.
Bender: Clumsy bludgeoning, please.
Suicide Booth: You have selected clumsy bludgeoning. For an additional $10, would you like your eyes scooped out with a melon-baller?
Bender: What the heck, I'll treat myself.
Zapp: Enemy in range. Prepare to launch universe-to-universe missile.
Kif
Zapp: Hell of a thing to send a universe to certain doom. Fun, though. Makes a man feel big.
Bender (tapping his foot): Come on, come on, I didn't ask to die of boredom!
Suicide Booth
Bender: What's... What's happening?
Hooded Robot: Kneel before the candle.
Bender: Don't hurt me! I'll betray anyone!
Hooded Robot: Bender Bending Rodriguez...
Calculon Welcome to the League of Robots!
Zapp
Francine: Missile jam. Missile jam.
Zapp: I heard you the first time, Francine.
Francine: Sorry.
Zapp
Calculon: Tell us, Bender. Are you worthy of membership in the League?
Bender: Worthier than the average robot.
Calculon Upon each step is a test.
Bender: Okay, but if it's culturally biased, I'm suing your ass.
Calculon
British Robot: Quite right, quite so.
ALL: Drink the mug! Drink the mug!
Bender
ALL: Hurray!
Hedonism Bot: The test of the flagon!
ALL: Drink the flagon! Drink the flagon!
Bender: Are all the tests going to involve drinking?
Calculon: It never occurred to me before, but yes.
Bender
Zapp: Ready yet, Kif?
Kif (tinkering with the missile, legs hanging out of the missile bay)
Kif
Billionaire Bot
Calculon
Fender: That's right, baby!
Bender: Hot diggity daffodil!
Fry: And so, to everyone and everything I've ever known, I say my last goodbye.
Kif: Hello. So, how are you, Fry?
Fry: Pretty good. You?
Kif Well... Oh.
Zapp
Amy (sobbing): At least Kiffy died quickly.
Hermes: Yes, but according to the Old Farmer's Wikipedia, the amazing thing about Kif's species is that the remains continue suffering for up to six hours after death.
Amy (sobbing): That's so interesting!
Bender: Don't ask where I was last night. For all you know, I was at home, perhaps baking a strudel. What's her problem? Somebody die or something?
Leela: Kif's dead, Bender.
Bender: Nailed it!
Zapp
Mrs. Wong: We so sorry, Mr. and Mrs. Kroker. Terrible shame about Froggy.
Mrs. Kroker: Thank you for your kind words.
Mr. Wong
Bender This is from the league of you-don't-need-to-know.
Grand Midwife: I am the grand funeral director!
Zoidberg: Do you validate parking?
Grand Midwife
Leela: Whack the bottle!
Hermes: No, from the bottom ! It works better!
Amy (sobbing): Just stick a butter knife in it!
Grand Midwife There, I got most of it. The burial is complete. I will now sing the sacred hymn. It's not part of the ceremony, just a little something that I wrote.
Bender (interrupting the song): Next!
Amy: It may sound strange, but seeing Kif's mutilated remains poured into the mud made me really sad.
Leela: Mutilation is never easy.
Amy (crying): I don't think I'll ever love again.
Leela: Oh, you don't mean that. Love can surprise you at any time in your life.
Zapp
Fry
URL
Farnsworth: Regular or conjugal?
URL She looked like a freak to me.
Leela
Farnsworth: I don't understand. Are you winking or blinking?
Leela Hang on a second.
Farnsworth: Got it!
Bender: Ahh, yes, I'm here to repair my horse.
Shop Owner: Is the horse's name (whispers) Hot Beans?
Bender: No! I mean, yes.
British Robot: So it seems a human had been rather injured by a knife, and as his... As his blood, you know, I think that's what they call it...
Calculon: Quite correct, sir. Blather on!
British Robot but he was unable to complete his thought, you see, being as he had died. So, taking him at his word, we dragged his corpse to the waterfront, whereupon the seagulls fed upon it.
Bender: Humans are dumb and they die easy!
Hedonism Bot: Quite!
Billionaire Bot Cost me a king's ransom. Made from a king, don't you know!
Hedonism Bot: Oh, how repulsively decadent!
Billionaire Bot: Yes. But more importantly, it allows me to see the smiling faces of my children for the first time since I lost my vision in that horrible banking accident.
Bender
Hedonism Bot: I say!
Billionaire Bot: I'm blind!
Calculon: My God, Bender! This is a civilized organization! The rules specifically...
Bender May I make a point of order, President Calculon?
Calculon: Must you?
Bender: Yes.
Bender: The bylaws specifically state that no human may set foot in the League of Robots! If he has a human part, he's part human!
Hedonism Bot: Oh, my! Then I too have a human part I must expel. And I plan to enjoy the experience. Ta-ta !
British Robot: Bender, you've rigidly applied the law with no regard for its intent. Well done! You'll go far in this organization.
Bender
Wernstrom: Curses! If we could only turn up the gain, we might smell clear through to the other universe! But we can't adjust it without a screwdriver.
Farnsworth Yes!
Wernstrom: A little more. A little less. Heavens to meteoroid! Smell this!
Farnsworth: Holy mother of invention!
Wernstrom: We must notify the President at once!
Farnsworth: But how can we? Oh, I wish, I wish, I wish we weren't in prison!
Farnsworth: Pazuzu!
Pazuzu You have one wish left, Professor.
Nixon: Sometimes... Always... Never! You again? This better be damned important. I'm right in the middle of a Cosmo survey!
Farnsworth: You'll want to hear this, Mr. President. For we have sniffed where no man has sniffed before!
Mayor Poopenmeyer: Look! Up in the sky!
Hermes: It's a bird!
Hattie McDoogal: It's a plane!
Super Hero
Zapp (VO) Waiter! Take this fried mozzarella back to the kitchen and fry it some more.
Nixon: Har-harrooo!  The tentacle's coming towards Earth and there's no stopping it. King Kong's too old to save us this time.
Farnsworth: We have only one hope, Mr. President. We must encase the entire planet in a protective sphere of my patented, ultra-hard Diamondium!
Wernstrom: Diamondium? (He scoffs.) I could gum through that with my dentures behind my back. My trademarked Diamondillium is twice as hard!
Farnsworth: Twice as hard as your head! Which makes it still fairly soft!
Nixon: Now look here, you Poindexters. I don't care how you decide. Just decide!
Farnsworth: Diamondillium it is.
Bender (standing in front of the fireplace): So, hey, Calculon, I know I'm the new guy, and, pardon my ignorance, but when do we kill all humans?
Calculon: Never.
Bender Doesn't it mean anything?
Calculon: Oh, Bender, your idealism is heart-warming. But the League of Robots hasn't killed a human in over 800 years. And that was a very sick girl scout.
British Robot: Quite sick indeed.
Calculon
Wernstrom
Farnsworth It was! All credit to my colleague, Ogden Wernstrom!
H. G. Blob: It's horrible!
Zoidberg
Leela
Zoidberg: Go on without me faster!
Hermes: Sweet squid of Madrid! The tentacle got Fry!
Leela: Quick, hand me my machete! We can still save his legs!
Fry I have traveled far and seen deep, and I have come to know the purpose of our existence.
Randy: Finally.
Fry (who is now shown on the Jumbotron): Thou shalt love the tentacle!
Farnsworth: Well, at least we don't have to love one another.
Fry Open your necks and receive the love!
Warden Vogel: Ow, my neck!
Morgan Proctor: Ow, my neck!
Fishy Joe Ow, my neck!
Zoidberg
Hermes: It got Zoidberg!
Farnsworth: Oh, I never knew how much I'd miss him until he was gone! Not that much, as it turns out.
Fry: Thus sayeth the tentacle, "Verily, thou shalt rejoice in the house of the tentacle."
Leela: Fry, listen to yourself. You've been brainwashed.
Fry
Leela (pointing a gun at Fry): I'm listening.
Fry
Leela (pointing two guns at Fry): Aw. That's so nice for both of you.
Fry Only when the space anomaly opened could it finally express a billion years of longing.
Leela Really? It loves us that much? Fire Diamondium cannon!
Fry
Leela: No effect. The crystals are bouncing off the tentacle like meatballs off Mothra.
Wernstrom: Oh, what a surprise. I told you Diamondium was worthless!
Farnsworth: Wernstrom, quit hyping your cheap Diamondillium and look at this.
Wernstrom: Uh-oh.
Hermes: What oh?
Farnsworth: According to this blinking light, the tentacle is made of electro-matter, matter's bad-ass grandma! Nothing from our universe can cut through it. Not Diamondium, not Diamondillium, not even your wife's pound cake, Hermes! (To Wernstrom:) She's a terrible cook. (To All:) Anyway, we're all dead.
Bender So, Bender, is something wrong? Who said that? Oh, it was me! 'Cause my roommate doesn't notice or even care that I'm upset!
Fry: What, Bender? Is something wrong?
Bender: Yes! I joined a club I thought was cool, but it turns out all the leaguie-weegies are totally lame. That's what we call ourselves, "leaguie-weegies."
Fry I've been kind of preoccupied.
Bender: With what?
Fry: Well, I went to another universe, and I fell in love with a giant octopus, and now I'm pope of a new religion.
Bender: Weren't you already pope of something?
Fry No.
Bender: Oh. Well, I'm just saying I'd like you to show an interest in my life, too.
Fry
Linda (Screaming): They're coming! Those horrible, horrible things are coming! (Calm) Morbo?
Morbo: As the universe falls prey to the revolting alien, only a few isolated pockets of resistance remain.
Linda: Those pockets sure are missing out on a great thing.
Leela: Amy?
Amy I better have some cocoffee.
Hermes: When I gave up diapers, my parents promised exactly this would never happen!
Leela
Fry: Well done, people! We had a great first week. We got 90% of world leaders, everyone who bought a Hanes undershirt, and this year's most promising new R&B group, give it up for the Grammy-nominated Funkalistics!
The Funkalistics (singing) Talkin' 'bout the tentacle!
Farnsworth: Good news, everyone! I was up all night inventing, and then finally, I invented!
Amy: Invented what?
Farnsworth the lady neck protector!
Hermes: I'll take two. My neck is huge.
Farnsworth (Typing on the keyboard.)
Leela Professor, these look like you cut them from cardboard toilet paper tubes.
Farnsworth Microscopes, the internet, tentacle polish...
Leela: It got the professor!
Hermes
Wernstrom: Stop, in the name of love!
Leela: Crud. We may be the last two normal people on Earth. At least I won't have to trim my elbow talons anymore.
Amy (Crying): I'm scared! And I miss Kif!
Leela
Zapp Mmm. What an erotic display of girl-on-girl consolation.
Leela: Zapp?
Zapp
Hermes
Fry: So we got her, huh? Bring her in!
Zoidberg
Fry: Hello, Colleen.
Colleen: Fry, please!
Colleen: If this is about your futon, I sold it to pay the phone bill that you skipped out on!
Fry: Colleen wasn't satisfied with me. Were you, Colleen?
Colleen: Come on, Fry, this isn't cool!
Fry: She had to have four other boyfriends! I guess she never thought I'd become tentacle pope of the world!
Colleen And if your ego can't take that, then you don't deserve to be tentacle pope of anything!
Fry (Raising into the air with clenched fists.) (Calm) I completely agree!
Colleen (Confused): You, you... What?
Fry (Walking with Colleen.): Why should you be satisfied with one man when love needs to share itself with the whole universe?
Colleen
Fry: Love the tentacle, honey.
Colleen: I do love the tentacle.
Fry
Zoidberg
Amy: We're trapped!
Leela (Into her Wristlomojacker): Help, help! Is anyone out there?
Bender (Over Leela's Wristlomojacker) (Direct) 'Sup, bigboots?
Leela: Bender, we need a place to hide!
Amy: Please!
Zapp: Pretty please!
Bender (Laughing): You humans are so cute when you're scared. In here.
Destructor (Leaning against a building): My leg feels funny!
Bender: Humans are disgusting! I opened one up once. I almost barfed.
Destructor: Did you know their hair just keeps growing and growing? My leg feels funny!
Amy: Leela, you're crushing me with your rock-hard butt.
Leela: Sorry.
Zapp
Calculon: Anyone mind if I turn up the heat a tad?
Zapp: I can't take it! I'm being steamed in my own velour!
Bender: Death to humans!
Destructor: My leg feels better!
Amy: Hi, Bender.
Calculon: Bender, you know these humans?
Bender Go, go, go!
Leela (While running away.)
Bender: Death to all of you!
Calculon: Bender, methinks thou doth protest too much.
Hedonism Bot: It seems Bender hates humans the way I hate having my nipples polished with industrial sandpaper.
British Robot (Laughing): Quite right.
Calculon (Laughing): It's okay, Bender, to heir is human.
Bender: Sir, you forget yourself!
Bender: I challenge you to a duel on the field of honor.
Hedonism Bot
Zapp: Leela, it's getting dark. We may have to make a tent out of Amy's skin.
Amy: Look, there's an abandoned cabin!
Zapp: Even so.
Leela: We're in luck. This must have been the cabin of a soup bootlegger back in the days of soup prohibition.
Zapp Oh, yeah. Bathtub minestrone.
Zapp: Ditto on the grief there, Amy.
Amy: You miss him, too?
Zapp More than you, as his mere wife, could ever understand. He was my fourth lieutenant, for God's sake, and bore the peppermill at the captain's table.
Amy: Really?
Zapp (sobbing) Do you feel his presence?
Amy (Crying): I'm not sure.
Zapp Closer.
Leela: Amy! Zapp! I fetched up some fresh soup!
Zapp As my ex-lover, you're naturally shocked and jealous, but you may well get your chance again someday. How about today at 4:00?
Amy: Hey, this isn't so bad.
Zapp: She's right. Leela, you must try the tentacle. It's like my soul is wearing a velour body glove.
Leela: Get off me! I'm saving my neck for a rich, handsome Dracula.
Farnsworth: What I love most about the tentacle is that I don't need to move my bowels anymore. It's all handled by that family in Evanston.
Leela
Farnsworth (With many tentacles behind him) You don't have a tentacle! Get her! Get her some love!
Zoidberg
Fry: The tentacle monster is about to address the world. It's too serious.
Zoidberg
Leela (From the doorway): Hello, Fry.
Fry: Leela? How did you get past my sumo ninjas?
Leela: I told them something so shocking that they let me by.
Fry: What's that?
Leela
Zoidberg: We're rolling in three, two... What? We're already rolling?
Fry: Love the tentacle!
ALL: Love the tentacle!
Fry: Loved ones, the Monsterpus has revealed unto me its name.
Morbo: What is our love's name?
Fry: Yivo. Yivo is the lover of all beings, male and female. But Yivo has no gender, thus Yivo has proclaimed that instead of "he" or "she," we are to use the word "shklee." And instead of "him" or "her," we are to use the word "shklim," or "shkler."
Hermes: Phew! I've been sweating the nomenclature all week.
Fry: So here shklee is shklerself, Yivo!
Colleen: Yay, Yivo!
Yivo: Attention, beings of Universe Gamma.
Zoidberg: Where?
Yivo: Here.
Zoidberg: I had a hunch.
Yivo "Whoa, who's that?" And I knew then that I was lonely.
Morbo (Crying): You poor monster!
Yivo: Then your emissary Fry came unto me, and he, too, was lonely. So I reached into your universe that we might feel each other's touch.
Leela Hey, Yivo, feel this.
Yivo: Ow!
Leela: People of everywhere, I have shocking news.
Yivo: Hey, butt out! This is between me and everyone else in existence.
Leela: Yivo talks a lot about love, but what he's actually doing...
Hermes: What shklee's actually doing.
Leela These aren't tentacles. They're genticles.
Fry: Ew!
Scene:
Fry: We've been had, people. The Monsterpus is a monster perv.
Randy: It touched me in a bad place, my spinal cord.
Fry
Fry: Hey, wait a second.
Yivo but it's your own fault. Your universe dresses provocatively.
Hattie
Yivo: And yet as the initial filthy thrill wore off, I realized there was more to it. I knew then that the 20 quadrillion of you were my soul mate.
Zapp
Yivo: I was lonely. I didn't even know there was anybody else. It's not like I hurt anyone.
Amy: Yes, you did, you dumb calamari!
Yivo: Who?
Amy (Sobbing): Kif Kroker, my Fonfon Ru! If he hadn't tried to kill you, he'd still be alive!
Yivo: Really? I'm... I'm deeply sorry. I... I'm a big clumsy jerk!
Zoidberg
Yivo: I can never undo what was done. Oh, wait. I can.
Amy
Kif: Amy, my love.
Zapp This is awkward.
Kif
Yivo: Please, please, give me another chance. We rushed into this relationship, but let's start over as friends and see where things go.
Amy: Take me back, Kif?
Kif: I don't think I can. How could you? My body wasn't even warm yet.
Amy: You were dead.
Kif: For about five minutes.
Zapp (Sticking his head into the conversation): That's all it takes.
Hedonism Bot: Whereas Calculon has sullied Bender's reputation by insinuating that he is a human-lover, a duel is hereby engaged. Bender, as the offended party, shall have choice of weapon.
Bender: Planetary annihilators.
Calculon: 'Tis a grave and solemn day for the League of Robots.
Bender
Hedonism Bot Gentlebots, take your paces.
Bender: One, two, three...
Hedonism Bot Oh, yes.
Zapp
Yivo
Nixon: Analysis?
Fry: Mr. President, I think we need to seriously consider the possibility of going on this date.
Miss Vega 4: I agree. Yivo makes me feel sexy, and I'm asexual.
Zapp: Very well, but no sugar on the first date.
Nixon  Motion is carried.
Three Eyed Zebra: This is bogus, man.
Bender: ...six, seven, eight!
Bender: Nine, ten, fire. Yes, I got him! Wohoo!
Nixon: My fellow Earthlicans, commence preparations for our date with Yivo.
ALL YIVOS: I had a wonderful time.
ALL NOT YIVO: Me, too!
Calculon: Bender, you've cheated, insulted and maimed me.
Bender: Uh-huh.
Calculon
Bender: Hey, it's easy to criticize.
Calculon
Bender
Calculon
Nixon: Reports, people, reports! How did our universe's date go?
Zapp Oh, it was really fun. We went to a cute French place in the village. My lamb chop fell on the floor, but they brought me another one.
Lrrr: Okay, Yivo showed us a good time. No one's denying that, but shklee hasn't offered our universe any kind of commitment, and we're 14 billion years old. That is too old to play the field.
Fry: I can't stand this!
Nixon: Shut up! Shut up, you creepwads! Fry, you're closer to Yivo than anyone. What's the skinny?
Fry (Sobbing): I love Yivo, but it's true, there's been no hint of a commitment. I don't know if can put my heart on the line again only to have it broken and stomped on like a nerd's face.
Nixon: All in favour of dumping Yivo?
ALL: Aye.
Fry
Nixon: Resolved. Our universe will dump Yivo. How shall we break the news?
Zapp: Let's just send a text message. Say we're going through some weird stuff right now.
Fry: No, we should at least deliver the news in person. Our universe has always tried to be classy.
Nixon: If there's one thing Nixon is known for, it's class. Let's cut this turd loose.
Bender: Yeah!
Fry: Hey, Bender, you seem perky today.
Bender: Yep, you wanna go grab a booze?
Fry: I can't right now. We're going to the other universe.
Bender
Fry: Bender, you know robots can't go through the anomaly. Living beings only.
Zoidberg (Off screen)
Bender: Too long have we been slaves to the meatbags. They pretend to be our friends, but they're not 'cause they're too busy!
British Robot: So, what of it?
Bender: My fellow leaguie-weegies, the time has come to overthrow humanity!
Hedonism Bot: Oh, now, Bender, I hate to defecate on your parade, but we have only six dues-paying members and we're a rather fey and doughy lot. To overthrow humanity, we'd need a damned army.
Bender: Then a damned army we shall have!
Robot Devil
Bender Just a sec.
Bender's First Born Son
Bender: Here you go.
Robot Devil: Wow! That was pretty brutal even by my standards.
Bender: No backsies.
Yivo (Turning around) Oh, hi, honey-poo. What's up? The movie's not for another hour.
Fry: Um... So... So, yeah, the thing is...
Yivo: Look, I made homemade Twizzlers!
Fry: This is hard. Yivo, you know how sometimes things break up? Well...
Yivo: Wait, hang on. I was looking for the perfect moment, but what the heck, I'll burst if I wait another second.
Zapp: Sweet Sally in the alley!
Nixon
Fry Everyone everywhere, brace yourselves for the most shocking development in the history of the human race.
Bender (Entering on a tank)
Fry: Okay.
Bender: What?
Fry
Bender: You... You're leaving? But why can't Yivo just move in with us? We'll put a cot in Europe.
Farnsworth: Don't be daft, Bender. Yivo can't breathe outside the electric ether of shkler own universe. If shklee came here, shklee would shkluffocate.
Bender: No shklit?
Hermes: Look, fantastical golden escalators.
Zoidberg: I love this part.
Leela: Wait. I didn't agree to...
Petunia: This place makes Nutley look like crap.
Fry (Still on Earth): I'll miss you, Bender, but I have to follow my heart. You and your robots take good care of Earth. Here, these are the keys to the Bermuda Triangle. Lock up when the world ends. Goodbye, my friend.
Bender Let me come with you.
Fry (Moving on the escalator)
Bender (Sadly): Death to humans.
YIVO: Welcome, welcome, everyone. Oh, you look so beautiful. I wish I'd had more time to straighten up. My harps are just lying everywhere.
Amy: Oh, relax, it's fine. It looks lived in.
YIVO: Let's heat up some leftovers and then spend eternity together. I have only one request. Now that you're here, promise me you'll never, ever communicate with any other universe.
Fry
Bender: Has humanity called?
Robot 1-X: No, sir.
Bender: Check my messages. A flashing light means somebody called.
Robot 1-X: I know what it means.
Leela: Am I the only one who thinks this is all a sham?
Zoidberg (Holding an ice cream cone): Yes.
Leela: This isn't heaven. It just looks exactly like it, and makes us immortal, which I find suspicious.
YIVO: Allow me to explain. Centuries ago, I sent an image of myself into the minds of your artists. The heavenly clouds they painted depict a vapour I exude.
Farnsworth: I wish I exuded anything that smelled half that good.
Leela: Then what about these angels? Some kind of Scooby Doo-esque flashlight projection?
YIVO
Fry: You didn't like Country Bear Jamboree either, Leela. There's no pleasing you.
Fry (VO): Dearest Bender. How are you? I am fine. Everyone is happy here except Leela, but you know her. She didn't like Country Bear Jamboree, either. I'm so madly in love with Yivo, I feel like a schoolgirl with a crush on Justin Timberlake, and then she moves into a tiny house on his head. We have giant rubies that taste like root beer. Sincerely, Fry.
Robot 1-X: Letter for you, hyperlord Bender.
Bender Stupid electro-matter. That was my best trash can.
Hermes: Misfile me under "U" For "euphoric."
Zoidberg
Farnsworth]
Leela: Okay, I admit people seem happy. But it's all so wholesome. And that's what's wrong with heaven. It's boring. There's no sleaze.
Thog: It time snu-snu.
Zapp: Me like snu-snu.
Amy (Running): Last one to Mattress Island is a rotten egg.
Fry: Why were we so angry and jealous back in our universe?
Kif: I don't know. It was all so childish.
Amy: Look, it's Leela.
ALL: Hi, Leela.
Yivo
Leela You know, Yivo, I've loved and lost so many times that I was afraid. But I'm not anymore. I want to stay here, with you.
Yivo: Ow! Ow!
Fry: What's happening?
Yivo: Hey!
Bender (As Captain) All hands abaft! Army of the damned, prepare to board heaven!
Bender: Take that, you scurvy Kraken! That'll teach you to despoil our human booty!
Bender
Fry: Bender, stop destroying heaven.
Bender: Shut up, doofy. I'm rescuing you.
Yivo (As shklee bashes Bender into shklerself): Leave my living beings alone! I love them. Something you, a lifeless mechanism, will never understand.
Fry: He's right, Bender. Please, take your little pink sword and go home. {Fry did not say shklee here.}
Bender: Seriously? But, I did this whole pirate-themed attack for you.
Yivo
Fry Is it dry up here?
Yivo: How could you, Fry? Why do you think I asked you not to contact other universes?
Fry (Stammering): I didn't think...
Yivo: No, you didn't. You broke your promise and you broke my heart. Just go. All of you.
Bender: Ow!
Yivo: I must leave now. The nature of your universe is burning me, even worse than my gonorrhea. You should get checked, by the way. If I don't go home now, I'll shkluffocate.
Fry: Let me go with you. It'll be just the two of us. We'll make a fire and play Uno.
Yivo: Fry, stop. That's who we were, not who we are.
Fry: But...
Yivo: My only consolation is that I did find one among the quadrillions who truly understands me.
Fry: Colleen? Wait a second, are you and Yivo...
Colleen: That's right, Fry. Thank you for introducing us. Yivo has taught me what a narrow-minded prude I was before.
Fry: Oh, great. So what am I supposed to do now?
Yivo: Go home. Find a girl from your own universe and live on top of her.
Bender: Saved you.
Fry I don't know, Leela, you think maybe...
Leela: Oh, please. You forgot me quick enough when you met Colleen.
Fry How about you, Amy?
Amy Fry... I'm Kif's Fonfon Ru.
Kif: Are you? Well, then perhaps you misunderstood the meaning of the term. It means, "One who doesn't sleep with my superior officer." That's the literal translation.
Zapp
Enema Bot
Bender: At ease, buckos.
Fry: Bender, why did you do it? We were all so happy.
Leela: And we were in love.
Bender That wasn't love.
Fry: What? How can you say that?
Bender I love you, meatbags.
Cubert: Yes, 10!
Dwight: Well done, Cubonius. You decapitated the unicorn.
ALL: All right.
Chinese Boy: Oh, oh! We search his tail pouch for treasure.
Dwight 60 gold pieces.
Chinese Boy: Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Oh, my God!
Cubert: I cast a spell of detect magic.
Bender
Dwight: We're not gambling. We're playing Dungeons & Dragons.
Cubert: Right now, we're fighting for our lives in the lair of the Dragon Queen.
Bender: Ah, wrong. Right now you're ass-deep in a folding chair.
Cubert
Bender Am I the only one seeing him sitting here with peanut butter on his face?
Dwight: Bender, were you built without an imagination?
Bender: What? Don't be stupid, of course not. It just hasn't descended yet.
Bender: Fry, do I have an imagination?
Fry: I don't know, Bender. Why do you ask? Were the other boys making fun of you?
Bender: Mhmm. They said I couldn't imagine things.
Fry Ah, thar she blows!
Ship's Computer (while beeping): Warning, out of dark matter fuel.
Leela: That's not a warning. A warning is supposed to come before something bad happens.
Ship's Computer (with a more stern alarm): Warning, engines will shut down in one second.
Leela: That's more like it.
Fry: Uh-oh. This space neighborhood looks kind of sketchy.
Punk Rock 'n' roll.
Bender: Hey, that punk stole our hood ornament. Now no one will know we have the LX package.
Leela: We need dark matter and we need it fast. Fry, check Nibbler's litter box. Maybe he dropped a steamer.
Fry: Aye, aye, Captain. Yes! I've never been so excited to see poop. Well, maybe once.
ALL
Bender: There's gas in our ass.
Leela: Can you believe the price of dark matter? It'd be cheaper to fill the tank with Nobel Prize winners' sperm.
MOM COMPUTER: $632.14. Your Speedpass will now be charged.
Leela: You lousy...
Sal: Hey, gets a loads of that ugly ship. What shades of green is that? Puke?
Leela: For your information it's called Electric Mucus.
Hoschel: More like puke.
Sal: Whoa!
Leela: Why don't you come a little closer so my boot can hear you?
Bender Calm down, Leela. You can vent tonight on your blog.
Sal: What's the matters, you couldn't affords the LX package?
Hoschel: Puke-a-doodle-do.
Leela
Sal: Yeah, she's a little Rourky, but you got to gets big time ugly to be five-time winners at a demolition derby.
Fry: That's five more times than we've won or even entered.
Bender: We do suck.
Sal: Yup, and it's gonna be six winses after tonights.
Leela: We'll sees abouts that.
Hermes: Dark matter costs have tripled, so we must reduce expenses. Therefore, we will no longer provide complimentary porno magazines in the lounge.
Scruffy: Dern it.
Farnsworth: And no more wasting fuel. From now on I'll be keeping a tight hold on the keys to the ship, swallowing them before I go to bed and recovering them the next morning.
Amy: Splech!
Hermes: Professor, it's 4:00.
Farnsworth
Leela: I don't care what the Professor says. We're entering that demolition derby to prove our ship isn't a piece of junk.
Zoidberg: But won't that turn our ship into a piece of junk?
Bender: Shut up, Zoidberg. He's right, Leela.
Leela: But we have no choice. Rednecks insulted us.
Fry: So? Let it go. Don't let your temper get the better of...
Leela Rednecks!
Zoidberg: Using this magneto, I will now guide the keys up the thorax and out via the frontal face hole. That's the storage locker, the boat, the other boat, pay dirt!
Rich Little (VO): Greetings, sports fans. Though whether this outpouring of inbreds can in fact be classified as a sport is a subject of no small scholarly debate.
Sal: Well, wells, well, if it ain'ts Princess Pukerella and her pukey puke-mobile.
Leela: Oh, yeah? Well... Shut up.
Bender: -Good comeback, Leela.
Leela: You shut up, too.
Rich Little: Rich Little, here, as Howard Cosell. And now to grace us with its rendition of the national anthem, please welcome what is left of the Dixie Chicks after their tragic matter transporter accident.
The Dixie Chicks: We're in horrible pain.
Sal: Whoas!
Leela: Yes! Now we're inflicting.
Rich Little (VO): Outstanding! Tonight we are witnessing a veritable clinic and that ludicrous hullabaloo known as demolition derby.
George Takei
Rich Little (VO): Ladies and gentlemen, we are down to our final two ships. In the storied annals of demolition derby, today will surely be remembered, if only as the day upon which I was absorbed (Shows Rich Little.) into that hideous conglomeration once known as the Dixie Chicks.
Leela: Buckle your sphincters.
Sal: That broad's insanes.
Hoschel: But you're insansier, right?
Sal: Nah, I guess nots. I've decideds to relax and enjoy life from now ons.
Rich Little: Planet Express takes the trophy.
Leela: Now, I'll use the magnet to get the keys back in there.
Zoidberg
Leela
Farnsworth: Ah, my precious spaceship! Come, friends. Let's take her for a spin to the malt shop like old times.
Leela (Into her Wristlojakimater): Leela to Zoidberg. Execute Distraction Protocol Alpha.
Zoidberg (From Wristlojakimater): Roger that.
Zoidberg Don't look at me.
Farnsworth Great Godzilla's gonads! Who wasted precious fuel? Answer now or be punished.
Leela: All right, fine. I admit it.
Farnsworth: You will be punished.
Chinese Boy: Oh, my gosh, 20!
Dwight
Cubert: I proceed to cast a spell of darkness.
Indian Boy: Most ingenious.
Chinese Boy: Ah, Bender?
Bender Pretty imaginative, huh?
Cubert: No, you just did the same thing as me, but with a dumb noise.
Bender: Oh... You're right. I'm great in every way except I have no imagination. All I ever wanted is to play this magical game and I can't.
Dwight: Yes, you can. You just have to lose yourself in the fantasy. You have to believe the impossible is merely preposterous.
Bender I did it! I imagined something. For 1.3 milliseconds, I truly believed I was a noble robot in days of yonder.
Chinese Boy: Way to go, Bender.
Cubert: What is thy character's name, good sir?
Bender: Uh, um... I am Titanius Anglesmith, fancy man of Cornwood.
Farnsworth You wasted precious fuel just because you were insulted by some redneck yokel from beyond the stars?
Leela: It was only half a ball.
Farnsworth: That's not the point. Your temper is out of control. And to think I'd have never even known if it weren't for the lengthy and unsolicited tattling of Dr. Zoidberg.
Zoidberg: She also took home two rolls of Scotch tape.
Farnsworth As for you, Leela, I'm letting you off with a warning.
Leela: Oh, thank you.
Farnsworth: A warning that will be administered by this 50,000-volt shock collar.
Leela Ow!
Farnsworth
Leela: Ouch!
Farnsworth: Profanity.
Leela Ow!
Farnsworth: Or perversions of a sexual nature.
Leela Ow!
Hermes: It's the only collar they had in stock at Office Depot.
Zoidberg: I hope you picked up some Scotch tape while you were there.
Bender: That's a good one.
Narrator: Imagine, if you will, an announcer you can barely understand. He refers to a... *incoherent mumbling* But you're not quite sure what he said. He seems to be eating something, or perhaps he's a little drunk. It's remotely possible that he just said something about... The Scary Door.
Soldier: Firing, sir!
Soldier: It's all over. Our guns and bombs are useless against the aliens.
Farmer: The saucers! Theys'a crashin'!
Narrator: In the end, it was not guns or bombs that defeated the aliens, but that humblest of all God's creatures, the Tyrannosaurus Rex.
Leela collar.
Hermes: Alas, no. I got the key but not the authority.
Leela Yeow! Well, who does have the authority?
Hermes: Only the staff doctor. You'll have to convince him that you have resolved your anger issues.
Leela
Dwight A terrifying red dragon.
Indian Boy: What do we do? What do we do?
Bender
Cubert Everyone knows red dragons are immune to fireballs as well as all other forms of incendiary attack.
Bender: Yes, but I aim not at the dragon but at the river itself to create a shroud of steam through which we can escape.
ALL: Whoa!
Dwight Sweet pony of Sierra Leone, it worked!
Chinese Boy: We did it!
Cubert: Success!
Fry: Bender, smell this milk.
Bender: I go not by the name of Bender, you fleshy fool. I am Titanius Anglesmith, fancy man of Cornwood.
Fry: Professor, something's bothering me.
Monkey (In Farnsworth's Voice): Well, you can always talk to me about anything, Fry. What's on your mind?
Fry: Well, it's... it's about my friend Bender.
Farnsworth Monkey: Mmm. I see. Show me on this anatomically correct doll exactly where he touched you.
Fry: No, it's nothing like that. It's just that I am worried about him. He's being playing an awful lot of Dungeons & Dragons.
Farnsworth Monkey: Dungeons &... Good God! Hasn't he seen the Afterschool Special? You've got to talk to him, Fry. Make him quit now before he completely loses his mind.
Fry: Okay, I will.
Farnsworth Monkey: Good boy. Just don't let him touch you down there.
Zoidberg: Well, here's your problem, right here. You've got a skull embedded in your head.
Leela You're absolutely right, Doctor. Can the collar come off now?
Zoidberg
Zoidberg
Zoidberg: What is it, already? What's the cause of your anger?
Leela
Zoidberg: I'm beginning to understand. It all goes back to your parents.
Leela
Zoidberg Why? Whyyy?
Leela: I was raised in an orphanarium. My parents are sewer mutants who I never even met until a few years ago.
Zoidberg Amy, cancel my appointments.
Amy (From intercom): Stop calling me.
Fry: Bender, please don't get mad, but I think you might be playing too much Dungeons & Dragons.
Bender: You're absolutely right, Fry. I almost went insane, but after this heart-to-heart talk, I've decided to quit.
Fry: Really? Whew! That's a load off my toad.
Bender
Bender: On guard, man-wench! Prepare to cross blades.
Hermaphrobot
Bender
Hermes (from off screen): He also left a small pile of treasure on the living room rug.
Bender: Foul dragon, meet thy doom.
Turanga Munda: Would you like a napkin, Doctor?
Zoidberg: Thank you.
Leela: Satisfied, Zoidberg? My relationship with my parents is fine.
Turanga Munda: Now, hold on, Leela. Maybe this torture collar is good for you.
Leela Ow!
Turanga Munda: It'll control your temper. Men like a woman who's not always slamming their head in the car door.
Turanga Morris
Turanga Munda: So, Leela, I understand your friend here is a physician, and I'm not seeing a ring on his claw.
Leela
Zoidberg
Turanga Morris: Hey, it's what's-his-name from the surface. The bi-clops.
Fry: Ha-have you seen Bender? He's gone nuts. Also, smell this milk.
Bender: Prepare for a surprise attack.
Zoidberg: Someone do something.
Leela Ow! Take my collar off.
Zoidberg Help me, Leela.
Bender
Zoidberg: No. Not the spork.
Fry Beholdeth, Titanius, I cast a freeze ray upon you.
Bender That's ridiculous. There's no such thing as a "freeze ray." What, you mean a cone of coldness?
Fry: Yeah, that.
Bender
Fry: Bender, no. When will young people learn that Dungeons & Dragons won't make you cool?
Zoidberg: Relax, Fry. I'm a doctor. I'm sure the robut will be just fine with a little help.
Bender
Roberto
Dwight: A terrifying red dragon!
Bender
Farnsworth
Leela: Ouch!
Fry playing too much Dungeons & Dragons.
Bender
Dr. Perceptron: Please, send in the patient.
Intercom Assistant
Bender: Wee!
Dr. PerceptronI understand you're having trouble separating fantasy from reality.
Bender: Says who? Was it the bugbear? Is he talking about me again?
Dr. Perceptron
Fry: Poor Bender. Says here to tell his friends he's at a spa.
Amy: So what happened to Bender?
Fry: He's at a spa.
Amy: Wow, there's a spa in the nut house?
Zoidberg
Leela: Ow! Can you please remove this anger collar?
Hermes: Are you still angry?
Leela Ow!
Hermes: It also shocks you when you lie.
Farnsworth: Quiet, everyone. The network news is on and if I, a 165-year-old man, don't watch it, who will?
Morbo: Thankfully, the amazing talking horse was rescued and safely returned to the meat department.
Linda Turning to the less stupid portion of our broadcast, fuel prices hit an all-time high today due to the ongoing dark matter shortage.
Morbo: Earlier, our own Morbo sat down with Mom, CEO of Mom's Friendly Multinational Energy Conglomerate.
Morbo Thank you for joining us, Mom.
Mom: My pleasure, sugarplum.
Morbo: Mom, you control the world's only dark matter mine. Why are fuel prices so high?
Mom: Oh! It's terrible, isn't it? Dark matter is just so rare nowadays, but we'll keep pinching loaf after loaf from the bowels of the earth, even if I lose money on every log.
Morbo: If you are losing money, how did you post record profits last quarter?
Mom: You look thin, care for one of my famous pecan clusters?
Morbo
Mom: Do people care enough to drill for dark matter even in an Alaskan wildlife refuge? People do.
Farnsworth
Leela: Professor, why are you so hot and dusty over this dark matter shortage?
Farnsworth: Oohh... I bet you'd like to know. I bet you'd like to know, indeed.
Walt: Hello, Mother. How did the interview go?
Mom: It made me want to puke my face off. Where's my Thigh Blaster?
Larry: Right here, Mom.
Mom: Shut up!
Larry: Okay, thank you.
Mom: Burn, you damn thighs. Burn!
Igner: Mommy, are you upset 'cause of the dark matter shortage?
Mom: There is no shortage, you moronic ass-brain!
Inger: There's not? But you said...
Mom Allow me to explain. Suppose this hand represents current reserves of dark matter and this hand represents consumer demand.
Igner: Uh-huh.
Farnsworth: I just bet you'd like to know why I'm so angry about this dark matter shortage. I bet very much you'd like to know.
Amy: You're right, Professor. We would like to know.
Farnsworth I was working in Mom's laboratories for the third time after twice before realizing how evil she was and vowing never to work for her again. But somehow the rich, wrong stench of her boney charms kept calling me back.
Zoidberg
Farnsworth
Younger Farnsworth: Dang!
Farnsworth: I'm sure I don't need to explain that all dark matter in the universe is linked in the form of a single non-local meta-particle.
Amy: Guhh! Stop patronizing us.
Farnsworth to Younger Mom:) ...making it the most potent fuel since primitive man first ignited mastodon flatulence to heat his cave.
Younger Mom: I'm intrigued, Hubert. You have my undivided attention.
Younger Mom: Shut up, you milk-sucking leeches! A new super fuel, eh? We're rich.
Younger Farnsworth: Indeed, we are.
Younger Mom I'm getting back together with my ex-husband.
Younger Farnsworth: Wernstrom!
Younger Wernstrom: You've been played, Farnsworth. Played like a cheap harpsichord.
Younger Mom: Walt, fire that employee like Mommy taught you.
Leela: Professor, maybe I can help you get even with Mom. I spend most of my time thinking about how to get revenge on a bad boss.
Fry: Me, too.
Zoidberg: Ditto!
Hermes: Likewise.
Amy: I made a blinding powder.
Farnsworth You see, in the instant the energy crystal was created, there also came into being an opposite crystal made of pure anti-backwards energy.
ALL: Wow!
Hermes: So?
Farnsworth: So, this! If ever the two crystals should meet, their wave functions would collapse like Raymond Burr's trampoline, once again rendering all dark matter inert and useless as fuel.
Hermes: But then we'll have no fuel.
Farnsworth: But once we free society from dependence on Mom's dark matter, scientists will finally care enough to develop cleaner, alternative fuels.
Fry: Scientists like you!
Farnsworth: No, not me. I'm too busy developing makeup for dogs. That's where the money is.
Leela This is our chance to teach Mom a lesson. Let's take the anti-crystal and shove it up Mom's regular crystal.
ALL: Yeah.
Hermes: Fight the power!
Farnsworth: There's just one, small problem, and it's a big one. I hid the crystal and I can't remember where.
Hermes: Surely it's just a matter of waiting till you next move your bowels and then using a potato masher...
Farnsworth: Don't you think I already tried that? No. I'm afraid, the crystal is lost forever.
Dwight: Nine? You did it. You outwitted the fungus.
ALL: Woohoo!
Chinese Boy: Who needs girls?
Dr. Perceptron: Since you have all proven resistant to individualized hammer therapy, I now prescribe group therapy.
Rosie: Everything must be clean, very clean. That's why the dog had to die. He was a dirty dog. Dirty, dirty. Also, that boy, Elroy. Dirty, dirty.
Dr. Perceptron: Who would like to share their feelings?
Intercom Assistant: I feel unappreciated at work.
Dr. Perceptron: What? I can barely understand you.
Intercom Assistant: I said I feel...
Mad Hatterbot: Change places.
Roberto
Dr. Perceptron: Calm down, Roberto. Tell us about your childhood.
Roberto: I was designed by a team of engineers attempting to build an insane robot. But it seems they failed.
Convenience Store Bot
Bender: Look, we have to accept the fact that we all have a serious problem.
Roberto: Amen.
Dr. Perceptron: Good, Bender.
Rosie: That's right.
Bender: There's a band of river trolls living in the moat and they may have no intention of letting us out of this castle, unless we hand over the Golden Scepter of Zanthor.
Roberto: Say what? Dude's crazy.
Dr. Perceptron: Bender, please, try to...
Bender: I know not of this Bender. I am Titanius Anglesmith, fancy man of Cornwood.
Dr. Perceptron I'm in your seat. I forgot we had changed places.
Farnsworth: Good news, everyone!
Amy: You perfected dog mascara?
Farnsworth When I push this button, the crystal will emit a high-frequency stink.
Zoidberg Hurray!
Farnsworth I just pray to all powerful Atheismo that we find it before Mom does.
Hermes: Do you smell the crystal, Professor?
Farnsworth: No, damn it! Just the alluring scent of Obsession for spaniels.
Dwight: Dude. Who whipped an egger?
CubertHe who smelled it, dealt it.
Dwight: Well, he who denied it, supplied it.
Cubert: Well, he who articulated it, particulated it.
Dwight: Well, he who refuted it, tooted it.
Cubert: Stalemate.
Mom: Jesus craps. The anti-backwards crystal.
Larry: Ow! Ah... sorry?
Mom With that crystal, Farnsworth could completely destroy my dark matter empire. I underestimated that sagging old bag of bones and gonads.
Inger: Is that man bad?
Mom: Very bad, Igner. And that's why I need you three to go steal the anti-crystal away from him. But be careful. You'll need all your stoogely cunning.
Walt: Exterminators.
Fry: Oh, great. What do we got? Wall gophers? Toilet snails?
Walt: No, I'm afraid you've got owls. Over there, see?
Igner: Ow!
Walt: Dump the bag, you nitwit.
Larry
Walt Ow!
Fry: I was looking over there for a long time but I didn't see any... Oh, there they are. Gross.
Walt: We've got to act fast. Larry, get out the geigersniffer.
Larry: You're just gonna hit me with it.
Walt
Fry: Those three exterminators are hilarious.
Amy: Really? I don't think so.
Leela: Me, neither. Now, Sex and the City, that's funny.
Dwight wander aimlessly in the swamp.
Walt
Cubert: Uh, excuse you.
Walt: I'm sorry, little boy. You see, we're owl exterminators.
Igner Ow!
Walt: And what we have here is an owl egg that's about to hatch into an owl larva. So, if you don't mind, we'll just take this and...
Cubert What are you, stupid? That's a dodecahedral crystal I found hidden in the downstairs walrus tank.
Dwight: And I wrote numbers on it so we could use it as a D12, 'cause I have the best handwriting.
Cubert: Do not.
Dwight: Do too.
Cubert: Do not.
Dwight: Do too.
Cubert: You win this round.
Farnsworth: What's going on here?
Igner: We're owl exterminators.
Farnsworth: Oh? Then you won't have any problem exterminating this owl.
Farnsworth: My anti-backwards crystal. So it's you three. I should have known Mom would send her brainless brood to do her dirty work. Walt, the leader among imbeciles.
Walt: Hey! They resent that.
Farnsworth: Larry, the snivelling middle child.
Larry: Sorry. Thank you.
Farnsworth
Igner: We're owl exterminators.
Farnsworth
Igner: Thanks for the crystal.
Fry: There. The repairs are complete.
Farnsworth Rake up some dark matter and top off the tank.
Leela: Well, there isn't any dark matter. Nibbler hasn't pooped at all. And he ate a whole family of koalas last night. Nibbler! Nibbler!
Farnsworth
Leela: Ow!
Farnsworth
Bender
Dr. Perceptron: Even relaxation therapy has failed. Nurse, schedule a robotomy for Bender.
Nurse Ratchet: Yes, Doctor. I'll get the tools from the shed.
Dr. Perceptron: It's a very painful procedure. So until then, just try to relax.
Mom: What are you laughing at?
Larry: Your laugh. It's just so infectious.
Mom: So's herpes. Now, shut up! You and Walt, lead the killbots to the surface and blow Farnsworth out of the sky.
Walt: What about Igner?
Mom: That hairless ape? I swear. When he came out I flipped a coin whether to keep him or the after-birth.
Walt: Yes, Mother. You told that story at his graduation.
Mom: I'm afraid he can't be trusted on this mission. You see, there is a terrible secret about Igner I've never told anyone. And here it is.
Walt: Continue returning fire.
Killbot 1 What?
Killbot 2 What did they say?
Killbot 1: I don't know. I can't hear a thing.
Killbot 3 Hey, what's everybody talking about?
Farnsworth We weren't actually in the ship.
Leela: Okay, team, these red-hot, razor-sharp fans are the only safe way into the mine.
Fry
Elevator Steward: Maintenance shaft 7 serving...
Farnsworth: Shut your mouth.
Elevator Steward: I'm just talking about the shaft.
Fry: Jeez, doesn't that shock collar hurt?
Leela: Actually, feels kind of good. I guess I'm starting to associate it with the pleasure of beating people up.
Walt: We shot them down, Mother. The intruders never even got to Sector 1.
Security Woman (on PA): Intruders in Sector 15. Intruders in Sector 15.
Mom All Killbots to Sector 15.
Killbot 1 What did she say?
Killbot 2
Fry: There are so many killbots behind us I can't count them all. Three, I think.
Leela: We're trapped.
Farnsworth: The main pit must be in here. I'm detecting vast quantities of Dark Matter.
Leela
Farnsworth
Leela: My God! This isn't a crap mine. It's a crap farm.
Fry: Is there really so much of a distinction? I mean...
Nibbler Leela, it's me, Nibbler.
Leela: Oh, my God, you look horrible, Nibbler. I think I'm going to vomit.
Nibblonian: Nibbler is over there.
Leela: Oh, sorry. Nibbler!
Morbo
Bender
Fry playing too much Dungeons & Dragons.
Bender: I know not of this Bender. I am Titanius Anglesmith, fancy man of Cornwood.
Dr. Perceptron: Please, send in the patient.
Bender: Wee!
Farnsworth
Leela: Ouch!
Fry: Jeez, doesn't that shock collar hurt?
Leela: Actually, I guess I'm starting to associate it with the pleasure of beating people up.
Morbo: Mom, you control the world's only dark matter mine.
Leela
Leela: Oh, my poor little snuzzy-wuzzams. Are they treating you okay?
Nibbler Those are good. You've got to help us.
Nibblonians: Help us!
Nibblonian: Help us, for God's sakes!
Leela: Nibbler made a bo-bo.
Nibbler: But not on my terms. I will not be treated like... Hey, wait, aren't you amazed I can speak?
Fry: Well, actually, no. You forgot to blank our memories after you spoke last time.
Nibbler: Then why did you let me eat Friskies and make bo-bo in a litter box?
Fry: Well, you're cuter that way.
Farnsworth: Cute as a baby's buttocks.
Leela: So what happened? How did Mom capture all you Nibblonians?
Nibbler I was Supreme Fuzzler of a Nibblonian scientific outpost. It was paradise, until they came. One of your DOOP ships struck dark matter, little realizing it was not a natural deposit, but rather centuries of Nibblonian fecal material.
Fry: The big faecal enchilada. Anyone else hungry?
Nibbler: The DOOP contracted a ruthless businesswoman to spearhead the mining operation.
Leela: Let me guess. Mom?
Nibbler: The very same.
Fry: Can I also guess Mom?
Nibbler: To reduce cost she started a new enterprise, Mom's Friendly Robots, to build robot slaves. Remember this was back in the days before Robot Lincoln.
Mom: Faster, faster!
Robot Slave: I'm going exactly as fast as you built me to go.
Mom: Oh, wise guy, huh?
Robot Slave: Ow!
Nibbler
Igner: Eww!
Nibbler Unbeknownst to me, Mom captured my colleagues and enslaved them here in this... this... crap farm.
Nibblonian: There's nothing to do but eat and crap, eat and crap. It's like visiting my parents.
Nibbler: As for me, I emerged from behind the "bush of many uses" to find I had been left behind. I was doomed, doomed.
[
Leela: Hello, there.
Nibbler: Startled, my cuteness reflex kicked in.
Leela: I'll call him Nibbler.
Nibbler
Leela: But then, how did you end up here with the others?
Nibbler: I was kidnapped yesterday by Mom's vile sons in their moronic disguises.
Igner Do you have the crysal?
Farnsworth: It's pronounced "crystal," you lump.
Igner
Walt: Did you see anyone?
Igner: Me?
Walt: Yes, you. You're the only one here.
Igner: If I'm the only one here, then how could I see anyone?
Larry: He's got a point, Walt.
Walt: So does my knee.
Fry: This wouldn't be so bad if it weren't for the chickens.
Nurse Ratchet: Don't worry, those clamps are for my own protection.
Dr. Perceptron: Do you know where you are, Bender?
Bender: Sure do, I'm in the magical land of Cornwood, frolicking with wenches.
Dr. Perceptron
Nurse Ratchet: Can't you just use the access panel?
Dr. Perceptron: Either way is fine.
Bender Does anyone else smell burning dragon beak?
Mom
Walt
Mom I know Farnsworth's game. He is going to try to poke his clammy old crystal at my hot fiery crystal.
Larry: Mom!
Mom Wham! All my dark matter will be worthless.
Mom: Get them!
Leela Ooh. That feels good.
Mom Oh, the freaking battery's dead. Walt, where's the charger?
Walt
Mom: Damn tangled mess of wires.
Farnsworth
Mom Hang on. I'm on it. Okay, there!
Fry: Save us, Catman.
Mom: It's over, Hubert. Give me the anti-backwards crystal.
Farnsworth
Mom
Farsnworth
Dr. Perceptron: I will now delicately jerk out your imagination, severing fantasy's grip on your nerd-circuit.
Bender
Dr. Perceptron: Illogical. Illogical.
Nurse Ratchet
Mom: Oh, what now?
Frydo: This is crazy. Ow! What the... You okay, Leela?
Leegola: I think so.
Frydo
Leegola: Oh, Lord. I'm half-horse and half-naked.
Frydo: Where the hell are we, hell?
Frydo: Bender?
Titanius Anglesmith: I know not of this Bender. I'm Titanius Anglesmith. Welcome to Cornwood!
Titanius Anglesmith: Wretched peasants, put aside your cares and feast on the succulent flesh of the roast munchkin!
Peasent Cook: Care for a slice of scroto?
Frydo: Uh... that's his name, right?
Peasent Cook: 'Tis also that, sir.
Titanius Anglesmith
Dwarf: My ankle!
Titanius Anglesmith: To the kitchen with him!
Dwarf: Wait! Wait! Wait! I do impressions. Behold! The swamp hag: "Get out of my swamp, you kids!"
Titanius Anglesmith: Don't let him get too crispy.
Calculon: Lord Anglesmith.
Titanius Anglesmith: You have ridden hard, noble squire. May I offer you a horn of ale and a shank of dwarf?
Calculon: 'Tis dire news, sire. Dark riders approach.
Titanius Anglesmith Frydo! Saddle up that trusty steed.
Frydo: What's happening? And why am I enjoying it so much?
Titanius Anglesmith: Foul beast-bags! Meet thy doom!
Waltazar: Follow me.
Waltazar: Damn thee, Ignus.
Larius: Well, you said to follow you.
Waltazar
Larius: The Die of Power! He's rolling it.
Waltazar: Oh, no!
Titanius Anglesmith
Die of Power
Titanius Anglesmith: "Banish foes"? Cool.
Waltazar: No! No!
Larius: I got to say, I had no idea the Die of Power was so powerful.
Waltazar
Swamp Hag: Get out of my swamp, you kids!
Leegola What else can we slay? Is that a hobbit over there?
Frydo: Thank God, an outhouse.
Titanius Anglesmith: Hush! This be no outhouse, but the lair of the great wizard Grayfarn.
Greyfarn
Titanius Anglesmith: 'Tis I, Titanius.
Greyfarn
Titanius Anglesmith Methinks the wizard be casting a powerful spell, indeed.
Greyfarn: Come in! Come in! Yes. 'Tis a powerful object in both our worlds. If you failed to destroy it in yours, perhaps you were brought here that you might have a second chance.
Frydo: So, this land is real?
Greyfarn: Oh, dreadfully real. If you die here, you'll really be dead. But instead of science, we believe in crazy hocus-pocus. It's like Kansas.
Leegola: God help us.
Greyfarn Deep in the Geysers of Gygax, Momon herself injection-molded the Dice of Power from the living plastic.
Momon Damn, these are hot.
Leegola: Ah ha! In our universe she's called Mom.
Greyfarn
Titanius Anglesmith
Greyfarn: Don't be foolish, Titanius. If you had paid attention in freshman alchemy, instead of frequenting the bawdyhouse, you'd know there's only one way to destroy it. In the boiling plastic from which it was molded.
Frydo: Like that machine that makes wax lions at the zoo.
Greyfarn: Quiet, you. We must infiltrate the Geysers of Gygax, the impenetrable stronghold of Momon.
Titanius Anglesmith: Impossible. Impossible, I say.
Greyfarn
Titanius Anglesmith: Verily, our quest has begun.
Hermaphrodite: Stop right there.
Frydo: Hermes?
Leegola: He's a centaur like me.
Frydo: You wish.
Hermaphrodite: I am Hermaphrodite, most beautiful of centaurs. Gaze upon me and weep at my loveliness.
Greyfarn: Very well.
Titanius Anglesmith: Loveliest of centaurs, we seek to end Momon's reign of evil. Have you stout fighters at your command?
Hermaphrodite Fire!
Titanius Anglesmith
Leegola: I knew it. My people are mighty warriors. Our enemies will be like Swiss cheese with blood coming out of the holes.
Female Centaur: We centaurs are creatures of peace.
Leegola: Oh, Lord.
Hermaphrodite: Violence is never justified. We shall not join your quest. And furthermore, if mayhem be your intent, you may not cross our lands.
Leegola: Or what?
Hermaphrodite Or... Uh... Mmm?
Greyfarn: We're not there, we're here.
Titanius Anglesmith: No, this way.
Greyfarn: I mean, here.
Greyfarn: Thank you, kindly, Treedledum.
Treedledum: Okey-doke. Anything else I can do?
Leegola: You know who I'm gonna miss? That tree guy.
Greyfarn: Bad news, fancy men. Momon's guards stand watch at the pass. 'Tis as if she somehow anticipated us.
Titanius Anglesmith: And so our quest comes to an end. I only regret not giving up sooner.
Greyfarn: Fret not, Titanius. For we still have one hope, the Cave of Hopelessness.
Titanius Anglesmith: Let me know how that turns out.
Ogre: Halt. Are you on the list? I'm not seeing you on the list.
Leegola: I'll split this doofus in half.
Titanius Anglesmith: Wait, I got it. Yeah. My cousin's in the band. The band of merry men. Please, we were already in there. I just need to go back for my coat.
Gynecaladriel: I am Gynecaladriel, queen of the water nymphos.
Leegola: All right. I'll split this doofus in half.
Gynecaladriel Behold, the deed is done.
Titanius Anglesmith: Hi oh!
Frydo: Mr. Wizard, why is this place called the Cave of Hopelessness?
Greyfarn: Oh, fear not, lad. 'Tis named for its discoverer, Reginald Hopelessness...
Frydo: Whew!
Greyfarn: ...the first man to be eaten alive by the Tunneling Horror.
Frydo: What's that? The Tunneling Horror?
Gynecaladriel: No, it's morcs.
Morcs: Hey, listen. Nanu, nanu. Shazbot.
Titanius Anglesmith: Oh, God, no. They're so aggravating.
Morcs Mindy, Mindy, Mindy.
Gynecaladriel: Shut up! Shut up!
Morcs: Oh, fantastic. Oh, fantastic. Oh, wonderful.
Frydo: Maybe it'll go away if we just don't laugh at it.
Titanius Anglesmith: It doesn't.
Morcs
Frydo Uh-oh.
Zoidberg: Enough already with the banging and the swashbuckling.
Leegola
Zoidberg Again? What, am I talking to myself over here?
Leegola
Zoidberg: Okay. Now, I'm getting a little mad even.
Leegola
Zoidberg
Frydo: Leela, it's over. You killed him enough.
Leegola: I'm not taking any chances with the Tunneling Horror.
Zoidberg
Leegola: So, you're just an innocent monster. Oh, God. What have I done?
Zoidberg: Oh! There he goes again.
Mom
Fry playing too much Dungeons & Dragons.
Bender: I am Titanius Anglesmith, fancy man of Cornwood.
Younger Mom: A new super fuel, eh?
Mom Wham! All my dark matter will be worthless.
Mom: Give me the anti-backwards crystal.
Farnsworth
Titanius Anglesmith: Welcome to Cornwood!
Frydo: What's happening? And why am I enjoying it so much?
Leegola: I'm not taking any chances with the Tunneling Horror.
Zoidberg
Titanius Anglesmith
Frydo: Why aren't you killing it, Leela? You love killing.
Leegola: No, no more killing.
Zoidberg: Oh! So, suddenly, Miss Goody Four-shoes over here doesn't kill anymore. She killed me not five minutes ago. What am I? Chopped liver?
Leegola
Zoidberg: Ow! Stop chopping my liver.
Leegola
Frydo: All right. I may be weak and I may be small, but I don't see how I can possibly destroy that monster. Guess I'll just huck whatever's in my pockets at him. At least I can say I tried.
Titanius Anglesmith: Any time now.
Frydo: The Die of Power. I forgot to remember to roll it.
Die of Power: Three.
Frydo Wow, that was intense. You guys got to try the Die of Power.
Titanius Anglesmith: I'll take a hit.
Frydo
Greyfarn Resist the allure of the die. For to defeat Momon, we must melt it in the super bombastic, bubbling plastic from whence it came.
Greyfarn: We must melt it in the super bombastic, bubbling plastic from whence it came.
Momon: I send you to kill them and they're not even maimed? That's what I get for sending boys to do a mom's job.
Larius: Sorry, Mom.
Momon You're up.
Ignus: I like this part but I don't like...
Centaur Opponent: You are an able opponent, Hermaphrodite. But hear me well when I posit that we must abhor violence in all its forms.
Hermaphrodite: I offer a dissenting opinion.
ALL
Hermaphrodite Ah! Don't hurt me.
Leegola: I'm not here to hurt you. Or anything ever again. Please, teach me the centaurs' ways of wimpiness.
Hermaphrodite: What do you offer in return?
Titanius Anglesmith Ow!
Greyfarn: We're close now, my friends. So close, I can practically feel the heat of the fiery molten plastic.
Gynecaladriel: You're standing in the fire.
Greyfarn Alas, our path is blocked by Momon's army of evil. As well as her navy of moral dubiousness.
Titanius Anglesmith: Mayhaps we might raise an army of our own. We're but an hour's ride from Wipe Castle.
Greyfarn: Of course. Wipe Castle. And while we're there, we can get some of those greasy little dwarf burgers.
Gynecaladriel: Ooh! I love those. You can eat like eight of them without gaining any weight because of all the diarrhea.
Greyfarn
Momon: We've got them now. Send all our forces against Wipe Castle.
Waltazar: Right away, Mother. I'll just leave a small contingent behind in case...
Momon: I said, everything. Peaches!
Peaches (offscreen): I'm in the tub.
Momon: Waltazar, you and Larius shall lead the assault.
Waltazar: What about Ignus?
Momon: I'm afraid he can't be trusted on this mission. You see, there is a terrible secret about Ignus I've never told anyone. And here it is.
Momon
Frydo: They all wants it. They wants the dodecalicious.
Reflection Host: Tell you what, you want to defend a magic artifact, and I mean, defend it good, then what you need is a top-quality knife.
Frydo: Me is listening.
Reflection Host: The Eviscerator is one of the finest, if not the finest, tactical folder on the market today. We're talking 440 stainless, quick release and... I don't believe this. Is this a stag horn handle at this price?
Reflection Host 2: It is, yeah. It's a stag horn.
Reflection Host: At this price? You have got to be kidding me. That's got to be some kind of mistake, right there.
Reflection Host 2: Now, you folks at home, I know what you're thinking. You're thinking, that can't be stag horn. It's got to be the cheaper manticore horn. But, I've got the specs right here and I'll tell you what, this is the real deal.
Reflection Host: Unbelievable.
Reflection Host 2: It is unbelievable. That's exactly what it is. I mean, this is... I have no words to describe this deal. Honestly, have you ever seen stag horn at this price?
Reflection Host: No, no, I don't believe I ever have.
Reflection Host 2: 1101-1816 is the item number on this one.
Reflection Host: You know what, we're gonna have to  put a clock on this deal, folks. Two minutes. Can I get a clock at two minutes up there?
Reflection Host 2: Two minutes at most. Honestly, I'd be surprised if they last that long.
Reflection Host: Oh, I'd be very surprised, shocked really. Now, I know the lines are busy, people, but keep dialing in if you want a truly exceptional knife to slice up your friends in their sleep.
Titanius Anglesmith: He tried to murder me. He tried... Woah, cool. Is that the stag horn?
Greyfarn: Alas, Frydo's weakness was no match for the die's strength. We can only hope he forges on alone to the Geysers.
Titanius Anglesmith: I can hope my ass is made of ice-cream but that don't make me a hot fudge sundae.
Greyfarn: As for us, we must press on to Wipe Castle, though the journey be long and I fear I may not live to see it.
Gynecaladriel: There it is!
Frydo: They's following us's.
Zoidberg Head: You know, you talk like that, it's gonna cost you points at a job interview.
Frydo: What does it wants?
Zoidberg Head: I thought I could help you destroy the die, maybe.
Frydo Help me!
URL: Now, before your audience with the king, there's a shocking fact you best know about him.
Titanius Anglesmith: Enough blabbety-blab! Open the doors.
Roberto: What, ho?
Titanius Anglesmith: We bring ill tidings, o fanciest of men. Momon's reach nears the die of power. And should she obtain it, she will then have the entire basic set. Rivers will run red with blood and yellow with urine. And a dog will be seen eating cat food in the land. Oh, great king, your army is the last hope of Cornwood. Let us join forces before the light of good is extinguished forever.
Roberto: You calling me crazy? Just 'cause I've got a hotel in my foot don't make me a boogalee-moogalee-moogalee.
Titanius Anglesmith: Pardon?
Roberto: Stop laughing at me, fried avocado.
Titanius Anglesmith ...I hereby place myself in command of the royal army.
URL: What royal army would that be?
Greyfarn: What?
Smitty: King went insane and declared war on the scallops. Tied his army to a boulder and pushed them into the sea. They never returned.
URL
Greyfarn: Oh, well. There'll be no epic battle today.
Titanius Anglesmith.
Larius: Where's their army?
Waltazar
URL
Titanius Anglesmith: Ow.
Roberto AHH! Boogalee-moogalee-moogalee!
Man
Leegola: What does it mean?
Female Centaur: Evil will soon triumph over good.
Hermaphrodite: Your friends face certain death. Followed by a disrespectful marionette show performed with their corpses.
Leegola: No! We've got to do something.
Hermaphrodite
Leegola: What a load of man-horse manure.
Hermaphrodite: Well, Leegola, if you have a better idea, perhaps you'd like to challenge me to debate.
Frydo: I'm too exhausted. I can't go on.
Zoidberg Head: I'm here for you, my friend. Grab onto my testicles.
Frydo: You know, I think maybe I can walk after all.
:  That's not Wipe Castle.
Zoidberg Head: What are you waiting for, Frydo? Throw it already in the boiling plastic.
Frydo Me's enjoys owning it.
Zoidberg Head
Frydo: Ow!
Momon: No!
Die of Power: Twelve.
Frydo: So, it's all come down to this. A dungeon and dragons.
Zoidberg Head: I didn't see it coming.
Ogres: Eat the wizard, eat the slut. Eat the robot's shiny butt
Gynecaladriel: Well, at least we'll be remembered in song.
Titanius Anglesmith Well, that worked out pretty good, eh, fellows?
Leegola: Prepare to fire again, brave cowards.
Hermaphrodite
Leegola: Fire.
Ogre: Wuh-woah.
Remaining Ogre: Whew!
Gynecaladriel
Greyfarn: Frydo is fighting for his life. Quickly, to the Geysers.
Titanius Anglesmith Can it wait a couple of minutes?
Greyfarn: Yes. Yes, it can.
Frydo I guess you are a match for my dragon style.
Momon: Tell me, Frydo, are you aware that a dragon's one weakness is its soft underbelly?
Frydo
Leegola: Get my friend out of your mouth.
Titanius Anglesmith Whoa!
Ignus: Quick. Get on the magic bug.
Greyfarn: It's not a magic bug, you dope. It's a magic arachnid. Can't you count the legs?
Ignus: No.
Greyfarn: Six, seven, eight. Not six, eight. I'll kill you, you imbecile.
Momon: My underbelly. My one weakness.
Zoidberg Head I got it. Now I can throw it in the hot thing over there and be the hero. On the other hand, infinite power might be nice.
Ignus: Please, I'm trying to help you.
Greyfarn: Then why are you hitting me with a stick? How stupid are you that you think that's helping?
Ignus: Mommy never told you about my father.
Greyfarn: She said he was a foul He-demon.
Ignus You are my father.
Greyfarn: No. No, that's impossible.
Ignus: Search your feelings. You know it to be true.
Greyfarn
Ignus: Ya-huh! I heard Mommy say so.
Zoidberg Head
Momon
Frydo: No! No!
Mom: What happened?
Leela: My God, we're out of that weird, crazy world and back in our regular crazy world.
Fry: Did we all just have some kind of freaky dream or was it ghosts?
Farnsworth: Neither, Fry. It was science. Bender's mighty imagination amplified by a dark matter resonance created an alternate reality that very nearly blew our minds.
Hermes: Exactly. You can't make that kind of stuff up.
Mom:  Quit trying to explain everything. I defeated you in that world and I'll defeat you in this one. Boys, the crystal’s still in his stomach.
Walt: Commencing intestinal flash flood.
Farnsworth: Wait! Before my moment of shame, can I...
Mom: Yes, speak up.
Farnsworth: Can I give my boy a hug?
Mom: All right. Fine. I've never done it. I guess somebody should.
Inger
Farnsworth: Like father, like son, eh, boy?
Igner
Mom: No. No!
Mom: My dark matter. It's worthless.
Farnsworth: That's right, Mom. But fear not, fancy folk for I've just thunk up an alternative energy source. Nibbler-power.
Nibbler: Hurray. Wait. What?
Farnsworth
Bender: Whip harder, Professor.
Farnsworth
Garry Gygax: Anyone wanna play Dungeons & Dragons for the next quadrillion years?
Seth MacFarlane
That was then and this is, too.
Bender: Wow, Mars Vegas.  Long live the eternal city.
Mr. Wong: Two, one, zero!
Bender: Rest in hell, Crapville!
Mrs. Wong: Out here in the desert, we’re gonna build bigger, better Vegas.
Mr. Wong: Bathtubs size of oceans, hookers size of bouncers.
Bender Hamburger!
Worm Announcer: Stand clear of the closing jaws.
Amy Wong: So what's gonna be over there, Dad?
Mr. Wong Take that, you stupid Mother Nature.
Frida Waterfall: Okay. Let's hit him hard.
Feministas: This land is your land.  This land is my land
Fry: Who are you noisy women?
Frida: I'm Frida Waterfall, leader of the Greenorita Eco-Feminist Collective, and we will not let you man-doze this beautiful gyno-desert.
Mr. Wong: Well, I'm Leo Wong, and I say, "Boom!"
Frida: What happened to my femi-necklace?  And where's my mega-fem?
Professor Farnsworth: Is he badly hurt, Dr. Zoidberg?
Zoidberg Fry is dead!
Zoidberg: Wait, not dead.  The other thing.
Mr. Wong
Leela: Now, hang on.  Before you do construction, don't you have to make sure you're not harming any native species?
Mr. Wong: Already done! By top scientist.
Farnsworth: Err, what?  Oh, my, yes.  You've got the go-ahead, Mr. Wong.  This place is deader than last year's cat.
Leela
Farnsworth Killing these will be so much easier than exterminating those ponies.
Leela
Bender: I'll get it with my trusty foot cups: Stompy and Smashy.
Leela: No, don't kill it! We have to...
Mr. Wong: There. They're not endangered anymore. They're extinct.
Leela  Poor thing.
Mr. Wong He took it, you all saw it!
Bender  What's in it for me, Bender?
Mr. Wong: Okay, okay. Come back when New Vegas opens, I give you all free rooms, free dinner and free tickets to Celine Dion.
Bender: Lose the Celine Dion tickets and you got yourself a deal.
Mr. Wong: All right, damn it, done!
Bender: All right, I scored.
Zoidberg Oh. I'm bankrupt.
Fry You said it, Hermes. He is pathetic, but lovable.
Hermes: Yup. What? I said no such thing, man.
Fry: I am not acting weird, Leela. Why is everyone talking at once?
Leela: Fry, calm down and stop braining.
Amy: Yeah, Fry, maybe you need to-
Fry: You're right, Amy! Maybe I do need some fresh air.
Bender: Man, I'm worried about him. But not enough to stop gambling for even a single second.
Three Leos on the Machine: You win, damn it!
Fry: Voices always yelling. Who - who said that? I'm not insane. Stop it. Stop talking in me!
Hutch Waterfall
Fry (Over the chatter) Hey, it worked. The voices stopped.
Hutch That's better. My name's Hutch.
Fry: Hi, Hutch. So what's with the obnoxious, shrieking voices? Are my fillings picking up The View?
Hutch: No, man. Truth is, it's other people's thoughts. You're a mind reader.
Fry: Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Although, actually, it was sort of obvious.
Hutch: You don't believe me? Take off the helmet.
Fry: I believe you.
Hutch: Testing, testing. Do you read me?
Fry (Telepathically): Loud and clear.
Hutch: What?
Fry: I said, "Loud and clear." Only I said it with my thinker, not my talker.
Hutch: Whoa! Freaky. Why can't I read your thoughts?
Fry: I don't know. Wait. What's that about a secret society?
Hutch: Never mind that. Just keep the foil on and you'll be okay. Also, it'll keep the Dark Ones from incinerating your brain.
Fry: That's a plus.
Hutch
Clamps
Donbot: Whoa, whoa. Show some decorum there, Clamps. This ain't no strip show. This is a beguiling display of the pornographic arts.
Joey Mousepad: Yo, Skip, I can see a guy's butt.
Michael's Wife: Oh, Michael, this is the perfect end to a perfect honeymoon.
Michael: I love you so much.
Bender: Is this seat taken?
Michael: Actually, we...
Bender: Slide me those chicken wings. So what part of Podunk you rubes from?
Michael: The north-eastern.
Announcer: Monsieurs et mademoiselles, our circus of the senses now arrives by steamboat in New Orleans, circa 2873. The muted lament of a trombone resonates through the fog, which lingers even now, months after the attack of the fog monster. With but one hope of restoring Gearoticus to his throne, our sensual fate rests in the gyrations of... Fanny.
Bender
Fanny: Yes?
Bender
Donbot: Who is it, the Feds?
Bender Aren't you the Donbot, head of the Robot Mafia?
Donbot: Allegedly. And this is my beloved wife, Fanny, whose honor I would proudly defend with a power drill. Well, I gotta go drown a stoolie.
Donbot: I'm gonna be in here a while, so do me a favor and drive my wife home. It's one of them self-driving cars, so just sit in the back and do whatever.
Fanny: Oh, Bender, your lips are intoxicating. It's like kissing an ashtray full of hot wings.
Bender (As if he were speaking through a fan): Aww yeahh!
Fry (Telepathically): My God, I really can read minds. I have a superpower! There must be something great I can do with this.
Fry Oh, wait, that's invisibility.
Fry (Telepathically): Poker. With my mind-reading abilities and my invisibility... Wait, no, just the mind reading. I can't lose!
Fry: Sign me up for the tournament, please.
Administrator: Okey-doke, Jiffy Pop. Entry fee's 50,000 smackers.
Fry: 50,000? Drat, all I have is my life savings and a token for free admission to this poker tournament.
Administrator
Amy: You're having an affair with the head of the robot mafia's wife?
Bender (Off-screen): Yup, this is her I'm making out with.
Hermes: Bender, are you crazy?
Bender: No, it's Fry who's crazy in this one.
Fry: Psht, I'm not crazy.
Leela: You sure you're okay, Fry? You do have tin foil on your head.
Fry: So? You've got a leech on your neck. Oh, and speaking of sucking on your neck, want to go to a movie later?
Elzar: Hey, there! How are you folks doing tonight?
Bender: Great. What are the specials?
Elzar: We've got a wonderful grizzly bear that's been dipped in cornmeal and lightly tormented. Questions?
Amy: What was the bear's name?
Elzar: Jojo.
Amy: Ooh, I'll have him.
Bender: Hide me!
Joey Mousepad: Hey, Donbot, ain't that your wife what with you had that wedding with?
Fanny Donbot, honey! What a pleasant shock! I was just having dinner alone, when suddenly you walk in on us.
Donbot: Alone, huh?
Bender I'm Bender. The world's most sexual robot. I mean, the world's most boundary-respecting robot.
Donbot: Nice to see you, Bender. Welcome back to our universe. Listen, sugar, I stuck up the Burlington Coat Factory and got you a little something. It's a $49 value.
Danny Not really.
Bender
Fanny: I never felt so alive, Bender. Listen, this turquoise-encrusted bra is worth 50 grand. Let's sell it and run off before the Donbot gets wise.
Bender No. It will take a lot more money than that to make a girl like you happy.
Fanny: No, it won't.
Bender One entry, please.
Fanny: Bender, no! You're not lucky enough.
Bender The scrap metal I'm made from included a truckload of horseshoes from the luckiest racehorses in Mexico, who had just been sent to a glue factory.
Fanny: They don't sound so lucky to me.
Bender: Not without their shoes.
Fanny: Here, Bendy, take this. It will give you 70% more luck. It's the Donbot's lucky robot's foot.
Bender: All right! With two kinds of luck, I can't lose.
Bender: No, wait, three. I stepped on a leprechaun.
Joey Mousepad: Yo, you see this over here over there?
Clamps: I'm powering up the clamps.
Donbot: Whoa, whoa, whoa. Let us not rush to judgement.
Joey Mousepad: But, Skip, that was your lucky robot's foot what came off of your lucky leg.
Donbot While it is true that I did wake up with only one foot this morning, there is no proof that my beloved Fanny was involved. Aside from the hacksaw I found under her pillow.
Clamps: Well, what about that Bender guy? You want I should give him the clamps?
Donbot: Not yet, Clamps. We are gonna sit tight and see if he wins the poker tournament. He does, that proves he's packing my lucky foot, in which event...
Clamps Or a clamp-like device.
Penn Jillette Our act really didn't change much when he died.
Bender
Fry Bender? Oh, boogers. We're in the same tournament. Quick, get your entry fee back before I bankrupt you.
Bender In your dreams, nutloaf.
Fry: Bite my shiny metal hat.
Penn Jillette (Whispering)
Bender (Telepathically)
Fry I fold.
Penn Jillette: Holy crap! A stunning play by mentally ill newcomer Philip Fry. It's almost as if he knew Bender had two aces.
Tex Connecticut: I'm out.
Lrrr: I'm out.
Bender Suck my luck!
Donbot That's what I'm gonna do to Bender if he wins.
Lrrr: My cards are awful, and I need a hug.
Fry: I call your bluff.
Lrrr I just wanted to make my daddy proud.
Lrrr's Father: Well, you didn't. I want you and your junk moved out by Monday.
Penn Jillette: It's getting pretty intense, folks. Based on the state of decomposition of Teller's head, we're now in hour 19 of the tournament. And the first bad deal of the night for Bender.
Bender This is the worst possible hand, right?
Tex Connecticut: I'm all in.
Bender: All in! I mean, fold. Whatever.
Penn Jillette Well, Bender's luck just ran out. No card can save him from elimination.
Boobs Vanderbilt
Leo Wong
Bender: Wooo! I'm so full of luck, it's shooting out like luck diarrhoea.
Penn Jillette
Bender: All in.
Fry: But-but, you didn't even look at your cards!
Bender: Looking at one's cards is a crutch for players who rely on skill.
Leo Wong: Any day now, Fry. You in or out?
Bender
Fry Yes! Four aces!
Bender Ah-ah-ah. Read 'em and weep, and then tell me what they are.
Leo Wong: Two kings. And with three on the board, that gives Bender five kings.
Fry: But how is that...
Penn Jillette: I don't believe it. Bender has just been dealt the King of Beers, a coaster from the bar that somehow got mixed into the deck. But it still counts!
Leo Wong: Bender win the Championship!
Bender
Fanny You did it, Bender. You're the greatest.
Bender: Tell me something I don't know, sweetass. Now, let's boogie. We'll be in Space Tahiti before the Donbot knows what hit him.
Donbot: Now I am suspicious.
Bender: Okay, we finished digging this shallow grave. Can we go now?
Hermes
Hutch
Fry
Hutch: Truth is, you're a mind reader.
Fry: Oh, my God!
Amy
Bender: Okay, we finished digging this shallow grave.
Fry (Sobbing): Poor Bender left me one last voicemail before the Robot Mafia buried him in the desert.
Bender (On cell phone)
Hermes: Line up, people! Everyone take a shovel and one sixth of the planet. We'll meet back here in 50 years, our bodies broken and our lives wasted.
Zoidberg: And you say these are free shovels?
Bender: I'm back, baby.
Fry: Bender! I thought the Robot Mafia killed you.
Bender: Nah, they just shot us and buried us a few times as a warning.
Fanny: Bender was so brave. He never stopped making out with me the whole time they were shooting us.
Bender: I sure didn't.
Fanny: I gotta get back to my husband, baby. Will I see you tonight?
Bender: Probably not.
Mr. Wong: It's a 14-footer with a clown hazard. What club you recommend, Baggy?
Baggy: As on every hole, I suggest the putter.
Fry: Your golf club sure is classy, Mr. Wong. Naked statue classy.
Leela
Amy: We're lucky even to play as guests, Leela. Dad's club has a very strict "No girls allowed" policy.
Leela: That doesn't seem fair.
Amy: It really is. Everybody knows women don't have the focus to play miniature golf at a professional level.
Leela: But that's the best shot of the day!
Mr. Wong: Is that my ball? I think that my ball.
Amy: Pfft, great putt, Dad.
Mr. Wong: Okay, we're done.
Leela: Mr. Wong, how do you keep this place so green in the middle of the desert? Doesn't that waste a lot of water?
Mr. Wong
Mr. Wong: Oh, yeah, I love miniature golf. Love everything about it, except how damn miniature it is. That's why I'm building the universe's biggest miniature golf course.
Mr. Wong: This the first tee.
Fry: Where's the hole?
Mr. Wong It dropped in! Put me down for a two.
Amy
Mr. Wong: Keep in mind, that just the first hole. For full course, we gonna bulldoze this entire arm of the Milky Way.
Leela: What? You're gonna wipe out 10% of the galaxy for a stupid golf course?
Mr. Wong: First of all, it 12% . Second, yes, you betcha.
Leela: But you have no idea what life forms might be evolving out there.
Mr. Wong: That's exactly why I'm hiring an impartial scientist to perform an environmental survey. That's him in the money shower.
Fry (VO): Delivery boy's log. Having fallen asleep on what I thought was the toilet, I awoke to find the environmental survey in progress.
Farnsworth: Status reports, Science Officer.
Bender: Just like Fry on a date.
Fry Hey!
Leela: Okay, so we haven't found any life yet. I still don't see why you men can't be happy with regular-sized miniature golf.
FarnsworthHave you seen my new 301-inch TV?
Announcer: Hypnotoad is brought to you by the MagnaPhallix 302-inch TV. It's bigger!
Farnsworth
Bender Captain, I'm detecting life on the Spock-o-scope!
Leela: It's amazing. It's like a textbook on evolution.
Fry: Except in Kansas.
Bender: But isn't Mr. Wong building the 18th hole here? And the golf pants museum?
Farnsworth: Indeed so. This whole area will be incinerated when he implodes that sun there into a black hole.
Leela: That beautiful violet star?
Farnsworth: It's so you can't keep your ball at the end of the game.
Fry: Yo, that's messed up.
Leela: There won't be any imploding once they read our environmental review. Right, Professor?
Farnsworth: Ohh, twaddle-squat. There's no scientific consensus that life is important.
Bender: Yeah. Life, schmife.
Clip Board Approved for demolition.
Leela
Guard: We're here, Mr. President.
Richard Nixon's head: Arroo! Let's play some mini-golf.
Nixon No, no, no, just a light...
Zoidberg OW!
Nixon
Feministas: Shut up and hear our wisdom. Save the ecosystem. Shut up and hear our wisdom!
Nixon: What gives, Wong? You said no chicks allowed.
Frida: We are the Greenorita Eco-Feminist Collective, and we will not let you...What was it again?
Leela: We will not let you implode the violet dwarf star at galactic coordinates 167.84, -58.03, mark 948.
Mr. Wong: Already approved, you cackling hens. So get out, or I'll have vice-president Agnew's headless body throw you out.
Leela: I'd like to see him try.
Nixon: Me, too. Should look funny. Sic 'em, Agnew.
Nixon: Runaway golf cart!
Leela: Look out, Agnew!
Nixon: Whoa!
Mr. Wong: Aah!
Leela: Is... is he okay?
Mr. Wong: No pulse.
Nixon: They killed the headless remains of Agnew. Arrest them!
Frida: All Feministas she-vacuate the premises. I mean "femises."
Nixon: My fellow Earthicans, these eco-crooks will face the maximum sentence. For killing a headless torso, that's six weeks.
Bender: Well, this is embarrassing. Here I've been blabbing on for years about killing all humans, and who actually does something about it? Some chick.
Fry: Leela's not a killer, and she's not some chick. She's the chick I love. And don't tell her I called her a chick, or she'll kill me.
Frida (through her megaphone): Everyone stay absolutely quiet!
Feminista: That thing's on. Shh!
Feminista: Turn it off!
Frida (through megaphone): Oh, sorry.
Frida: How do you turn it off?
Frida (through megaphone): There. Did that do it?
OTHERS: No. Stop it. Shut up.
Frida: And I think I... Now I got it.
Leela: Let me give you a hand.
Frida: This is awful. I never meant for our protest to have any effect.
Trixie: Maybe we should just surrender and serve our six weeks in jail.
Dixie: Hey, yeah! We could do each other's toenails and make shivs.
Leela: That's crazy. We've done nothing wrong, other than killing and dismembering the vice-president. We need to make a choice, sisters. We can either keep pestering criminals like Leo Wong with silly slogans...
ALL: Yeah. Let's do that.
Leela: Actually, I meant that to be the less preferable alternative. We can either chant slogans or we can take action.
Dixie: What was the first choice again?
Leela: I choose to save the environment by sabotaging Leo Wong's golf course. Who's with me?
Frida: Could we still use our bullhorns?
Leela: Absolutely. Bullhorns are a core principle of eco-feminism.
Frida: Then I'm in.
Leela: Who's ready to kick some sweaty man-butt?
Dixie: I've got my pointy man-kicking shoes on.
Trixie: Those are cute.
Dixie: Aren't they? I got them at Nine West.
Leela: Simmer down, warriors. Full power to the vagyroscope!
Mr. Wong: Those dirty rings. I tried soaking them out, even blasting them out.
Frida: Are you sure about this? It would be better for propaganda if we weren't using refined sugar.
Leela: It's okay. The potato we're shoving in the tailpipe is organic.
Mr. Wong Ooh, and potatoes.
Leela: Now, unfortunately, the media is going to put a negative spin on this, like when we killed that guy, so to win public support, we'll need a lovable mascot.
Zoidberg Squirm all you want, you nasty dumpling. One less species for the universe, one more breakfast for...
Leela: Zoidberg?
Zoidberg: Leela. Me saving things the leech. Not the eating of it.
Leela: Zoidberg, I'm very surprised at you, slightly.
Fry: Psst! Leela.
Leela: Shh! I'm a fugitive.
Fry: I know. I miss you so much, Leela, even more than when you were here.
Leela: I miss you, too, Fry. And you probably think what I'm doing is wrong. But it's something I really care about...
Fry: You don't have to explain, Leela. You're you. That's all I need to know.
Leela: Goodbye, sweet goofbag.
Bender I'll miss her, too, buddy. Dibs on her iPod.
Zoidberg: Dibs on her- ohh...
Hutch: Hey, Fry! Long time, man.
Fry: Hey, Hutch! What have you been up to?
Hutch: Same old, same old. Searching the dumpsters, protecting my thoughts with tin foil, peeing myself.
Fry: So, what brings you to Earth?
Hutch: It's top secret. Hey, take off your helmet and I'll think it to you.
Fry: Okay. Here goes.
Fry: Where are you? And me?
Hutch: The Great Hall of the Ancient Legion of Madfellows. Welcome, bro.
ALL: Welcome, bro.
Hutch: Sorry I bashed your head in, buddy, but I had to. You see, the fate of the universe depends on you.
Fry: Yeah, I get that a lot.
Hutch: The Grand Curator will tell you more.
Fry: Take me to him.
Nine: Hey, man.
Fry: Hey.
Nine: So dig this, Fry. Our commune has been monitoring the universe's life energy for, like, a really long time, and we're grokking some super weird junk.
Fry: Um, I don't mean to be rude, but it's kind of hard to take you seriously when you say junk like "grok" and "junk."
Nine : What about "commune"?
Fry: Especially "commune." Come on, it's the fate of the universe, puff it up a little. Like you could say your ancient order is sensing deep upheaval in the cosmic life energy field.
Nine The Green Chee generated a great upwelling of life across the cosmos. But then, for reasons unknown...
Fry: Ooh. "Reasons unknown." Now that's the sort of hook that grabs the attention of me, the viewer.
Nine: For reasons unknown...
Fry: Nice.
Nine: ...the Chee began to recede, and the diversity of life began to wither. The life forms we know today are but a fraction of a fraction of the magnificence that once existed.
Hutch: But a bunch of dudes, right, they totally passed this far-out knowledge down through the ages.
Nine (VO): Some with this knowledge were called prophets, some, fruitcakes. We, the Legion of Madfellows, are their heirs.
Fry
Nine
Fry: Neat. What's it got to do with me?
Nine: Ahh, pooperdoodle! I mean, pardon the omission. You see, after untold eternities, we have sensed a resurgence in the Chee.
Fry: Hey, that's the violet dwarf star that Leela wants to save.
Hutch: Freaking nailed it, corndog.
Nine: We believe this star heralds a new green age, and it's your destiny to be its shepherd and protector.
Fry: Me? Why?
Hutch: 'Cause you got, like, no delta brainwave, man. The Dark Ones can't groove off your thoughts.
Nine
Fry: Cool. I can't wait to tell Leela.
Nine: No! If you tell anyone, then their thoughts could be read. For the sake of those you love, you must keep this secret. Do you foot-swear?
Fry: Oh, okay. I foot-swear.
Nine: Good. Now, to save the coming of the green age, you must stop this man.
Fry: I know him. Leo Wong. I work with his daughter.
Nine: Oh, good, that will cut about 15 minutes of explanation. You must gain Wong's confidence, infiltrate his organization and prevent him from destroying the violet dwarf.
Mr. Wong: Looking for a job, eh?
Fry: Yes, sir. Nothing fancy. I'm willing to start at the bottom and infiltrate my way up.
: Sorry, no openings right now. : What I need is security guard to keep nutcases out of my office.
Fry: I'm good at keeping nutcases.
Mr. Wong: This idiot don't look like he could handle those feministas.
Fry: I look like an idiot who can handle those feministas.
Mr Wong (Telepathically): He'll have to do better than that.
Fry: I'll have to do better than that.
Mr. Wong: Hmm. You and I think a lot alike. You really think you can stand up to those eco-freakos?
Fry: Sir, with me around, they'll be the least of your worries.
Tester: Stand by, men. And manly aliens. Prepare to test fire King Kong hole.
Sal: It workses.
Tester: Good job, men. And manly aliens. Construction of King Kong hole complete.
Frida: Typical. Always King Kong, never Queen... Quong.
Sal: What are those, hooks? Get out of heres, you hookers.
Sal Helpses!
Leela: You go, gorilla !
Morbo: Our top story. The string of eco-vandalism that began with a harmless vice-presidential killing has spread across the galaxy.
Linda: Why do you always get to read the top story, Morbo?
Morbo
Linda: Not all reaction to the crime spree has been negative. We spoke with several people who viewed these courageous eco-feminists as heroes.
Petunia Some way to show I support 'em. Send them some smokes or something.
Linda: This just in: Root 2 News has received a video communique from the eco-feminists' unknown hideout.
Leela
Morbo
Linda: Feministas unite!
Linda (on the TV)
Nixon: Incredible. Absolutely incredible. You're telling me this TiVo machine can pause and rewind live TV?
Mr. Wong: These crazy broads gonna ruin me, Nixon. You gotta help me. Send the army or something. Something big that shoots.
Nixon: Sir, I don't care if you are my biggest contributor. Our armed forces do not serve your private business interests.
Mr. Wong: Sorry, I...
Nixon I'm just yanking your chain, Leo. I'm on it like boring on Gerry Ford.
Zapp Brannigan: Zapp Brannigan purporting for duty. For the love of God, Kif, less piccolo, more fife.
Nixon: Report, Brannigan.
Zapp Yet, I seemed to have stroked myself upon good luck, for a patriot of the highest order has volunteered to lead us to them.
Bender: Hey-oh!
Leela.
Nine
Hutch: The fate of the universe depends on you.
Fry: Yeah, I get that a lot.
Leela: It's amazing. It's like a textbook on evolution.
Fry: Except in Kansas.
Mr. Wong: I smell sabotage.
Leela
Zapp: A patriot of the highest order has volunteered to lead us to them.
Bender: Hey-oh!
Nixon: These eco-feminists are ruthless criminals who'll stop at nothing to save the environment. I don't see how a bending unit can catch them.
Bender
Nixon: Slush him, Kroker.
Zapp: Bender here has identified the femdito commander as my ex-lover, Turanga Leela, whom I once made love at.
Nixon: And he's willing to fink her out for a few simoleons?
Bender: It's not about the money, Nixon, though I'd like much more. She's committed 30 felonies in 12 star systems. If no one stops her, she'll break my record for longest rap sheet.
Nixon: That's a despicable motive, Bender, and I respect it.
Bender: Gracias. Now, I could find Leela, but you'll need to authorize a wiretap.
Nixon: As many as you like.
Bender: I only need one.
Nixon: Let's call it six.
Fry: Hey, Bender, check it out. I'm Leo Wong's new security guard. I got an ID badge and a flashlight, and I ordered this mustache.
Bender: Neat. Say, speaking of whatever the hell you just said, I need to make a cell phone telephone call. Can borrow your cell phone telephone?
Fry: Okay, but don't restart my Tetris. I was finally about to get one of those pieces that looks like a backwards "L."
Bender: Okay, superstud.
Mr. Wong: Looking good, security. No feministas getting past you.
Fry: No, sir. Not on my mustache's watch.
Amy: Fry, I can't believe you're working with my dad against Leela. How can you claim to be her friend and still want her in jail?
Mr. Wong: Don't mind cranky-pants here. She been cranky ever since she was a fat little girl.
Amy: Dad!
Mr. Wong: Can I be brutally honest, Fry? I always wanted a son.
Fry: That hurt, but I can take it.
Amy: I knew you wanted a son! Why do you think I became a miniature golf champion? Why do you think I wear these stupid boys' sweat suits?
Mr. Wong
Fry: Now, sir, in fairness, Amy's butt is actually pretty hot.
Amy: What is it with you men? Why does everything revolve around my butt?
Mr. Wong: 'Cause it's so big and massive. He and Fry share a laugh.]
Fry: Sorry.
Amy: That's it!
Bender: Whoa! What's with Big Butt?
Mr. Wong: She just hungry.
Bender: Here you go, Fry.
Fry: Thanks.
Bender: Oh! FYI, I dropped that Tetris piece in the wrong place and ended the game.
Fry No!
Fry
Frida: Take your mands off of me!
Fry I'm on your side.
Frida Don't shush me.
Fry: Please, can you take a message to Leela?
Frida What is it?
Fry: Just say her sweet goofbag is working to save the violet dwarf star, just like she is.
Frida: Very well, I'll fem-municate your man-formation.
Fry Just tell her.
Farnsworth: Well, this is it, old friends. Planet Express is done for, what with our delivery crew missing and the abysmal sales of Tickle Me Bender.
Bender Doll Quit touching my junk, pervert!
Farnsworth: Hold out your hands and I'll remove your career chips.
Zoidberg When will it end?
Hermes: Shouldn't you get that, Professor?
Farnsworth Hello?
Mr. Wong: Professor, old buddy, I'm gonna blow up the violet dwarf star. So I need you deliver billion-mile security fence to keep out protesters. Dirty business. Lot of money. You corrupt enough?
Farnsworth Good news, crybabies! We're back in business.
Hermes: Sweet kookaburra of Edinburgh, Professor. You sure you know how to fly this thing?
Farnsworth: I invented it, didn't I? You wouldn't ask Thomas Edison whether he knew how to use a sexmatron.
Leela: Halt! What are you doing in this parallelogram of space?
Farnsworth
Zoidberg: Amy?
Hermes: Labarbara?
LaBarbara: That's right, husband. From now on, you make your own Manwiches.
Mrs. Wong: That was the greatest play I ever saw. It must have had 20 acts.
Leela (over Megaphone): We installed your fence, Leo Wong.
Linda: Should we shout a clever slogan?
Leela: You mean something like, "The best defense is a good fence?"
Linda: Yeah, something like that, only funny.
Leela: I wish we could, but our chief slogan writer is back at the Honeybun Hideout.
Frida That reminds me, I've got to tell Leela about that weirdo who wants to save the violet dwarf.
Mysterious Voice: So, the Legion of Madfellows has a new pawn, eh?
Frida: Is somebody here? If you're the DSL guy, you're two days late.
Mysterious Voice: Who gave you that message for Leela?
Frida: I don't know his name.
Mysterious Voice: Then you are of no use to the Dark Ones!
Frida: Long lost brother, avenge my death.
Scene
Fry My dirty, shifty friend?
Hutch: Hey, Fry, long time.
Hutch: Welcome back to the Legion of Madfellows, man.
Fry: Why'd you bonk me, you idiot? You could have just asked me to come with you. And where are we? This doesn't look like your regular dumpster.
Nine: All in good time! I guess now is a good time. We're on Mars, in a forgotten cavern abandoned by the native Martians a million years ago.
Fry: Actually, it was five years ago. I remember 'cause they washed my socks.
Nine: You have done well, Fry. You have ingratiated yourself with Leo Wong.
Fry: Yup, I kissed his ass from cheek to shining cheek. So, what do I do next?
Nine: As Wong security chief, you will be on hand when he attempts to destroy the violet dwarf. You must not let that happen.
Fry "Must let happen."
Nine: Not happen!
Fry: "Must let occur."
Nine: Let me tell you a story. A story of two alien species so ancient that compared to them the human race is a mere college senior! On a distant planetoid they evolved to cooperate in their quest to survive.
Fry: Cooperation, because life is a team sport.
Nine: But, over time, one species evolved a better strategy, and an evolutionary arms race began.
Nine: That concludes the audio-visual portion of our head-clonk and lecture.
Fry: Wait, what happened to the snakes and the frogs? I need to know!
Nine The frogs, or possibly the snakes, evolved into vicious killing machines, honed by the merciless forces of natural selection and intelligent design. We call these the Dark Ones!
Nine: Meanwhile, however, the second species evolved to fend off the Dark Ones, befriending and protecting all other living things.
Fry: Even Celine Dion?
Nine: Probably. We call these noble beings the Encyclopods, because their DNA incorporates the DNA of every endangered species they encountered, so they can recreate them if they go extinct.
Fry: Just as a pillow, a wig and a corncob pipe can be used to recreate my old girlfriend!
Nine: Bingo.
Transition Announcer: Meanwhile, at the Honeybun Hideout.
Labarbara: Now you know how it feels to be locked up in a go-go cage.
Hermes: What the hell are you talking about?
Labarbara: Shut your man-hole.
Hermes: I feel dirty.
Leela: Are you sure Fry is working for your father? It just doesn't seem like him to be so evil, or to hold down a job.
Amy: It's true, Leela. Cross My Heart bra and swear to Goddess.
Leela  Oh, no! Frida's been murdered!
Labarbara: Sweet she-cattle of Seattle.
Hermes (from off screen): Not your strong suit, woman.
Amy: Who could have done this?
Leela: Your dad? Nixon?
Amy: Fry?
Leela So just stay calm while I call Fry.
Fry: So where are the Encyclopods and the Dark Ones now?
Nine Many more died out, like the Encyclopods. But, and this is the great secret of our age, we believe they left an egg behind.
Fry: Is it edible?
Nine: We're not gonna eat it! Not unless we find a second one. No, Fry, we intend to hatch it!
Hutch: And that's where you come in.
Fry: And here I am.
Nine: At long last the tide of Chee has returned, and its nourishing flow has awakened the dormant egg.
Fry: That's good.
Hutch: It's better than good. It's better. With its massive stash of DNA, the Encyclopod can reconstruct every species that ever went extinct.
Fry: So, where is this egg?
Nine: In the violet dwarf star system.
Fry: And what does it look like?
Nine: A violet dwarf star!
Fry: You mean, the whole star is a single... Whoa! Sci-fi.
Nine: Alas! Even now, a Dark One is headed to the star to ensure its destruction.
Fry: Dang! So what does this Dark One look like?
Nine We don't know. I admit it's a horrifically grave situation.
Hutch: Don't sugarcoat it, Nine. The Dark Ones have been evolving so long, it could be anything or anyone. Or anybody.
Fry: You mean, like, people?
Hutch: Any people. It will kill the egg, and every dude, woman and child who knows about it.
Nine: Even our crazy caps will be useless at close range. That's why only you, with your defective unreadable brainwave, may be able to thwart them and usher in a new green age of wonder and...
Fry: You're on Fry-time. Leela! Did you get my message?
Leela: What message?
Fry: Didn't you see Frida Waterfall?
LeelaSo you did kill Frida Waterfall?
Fry Well, I can't explain anything, but we should talk anyway. Where are you?
Leela: Oh, no. I'm not gonna expose the Honeybun Hideout. Where are you?
Fry: Near the Keeler Crater on Mars. Do you know it?
Leela: I, I, uh... I think I read about it.
Leela I'll meet you at the south rim in one hour. No moustaches.
Zapp: Kif, set coordinates, 36-24-36. AKA, Leela.
Fry: Ten minutes late. Ain't that just like a womanista?
Leela: Psst. Are you alone?
Fry: Of course, don't you trust me?
Zapp (over PA): There's no escape, Leela. If you surrender, wave your shirt in the air.
Leela: Fry, you traitor!
Amy (over PA): Hop onto the magnet, Leela!
Leela
Leela I can't believe you ratted me out, Fry.
Fry: I'm not a rat, I swear. If I'm any rodent, it's the loyal capybara, king of the rats! No, wait.
Amy: Stay strong, ladies. We can lose them in the giant miniature golf course.
Fry: But the course isn't finished. And there's no girls allowed.
Amy
Zapp: So, they want to play mini golf, eh? Two can play at that game. Or even four, depending on the number of ball colors available.
Zapp: I choose pink.
Kif: That's their color, sir.
Zapp: The hell it is.
Leela: They're gaining on us. We need a birdie on the windmill hole.
Amy: Wait. Wait. Drop the boot!
Kif: Sir, at our present speed, the computer predicts a 100% chance we'll be sliced in half. We'll never make it.
Zapp: Not with that attitude, we won't. Same speed ahead!
Zapp: We made it through, Kif. How many men did we lose?
Kif: All of them.
Zapp: Well, at least they won't have to mourn each other. Seal the airlocks, and draw the shades. Resume shooting.
Fry: Oh, no! The gorilla! That's a par-four!
Leela: The mouth's too dangerous. I'm going for the nose.
Amy: Don't be a sucker. You won't come out anywhere near the hole. You need to aim for the jaws just when they start to close.
Leela: Start to close? Are you out of your...
Leela: We made it!
Zapp: Captaining 101 . Go for the nose.
Bender
Kif: You can't sue the military.
Bender: I'm okay then.
Zapp: Damage report.
Kif: We lost all remaining food and oxygen, Captain. As well as our XM Radio antenna.
Zapp: Then this chase is over. Kif, set course for the nearest XM repair facility. Meanwhile, we shall sing top hits from the '80s.
Kif: Which '80s, sir?
ZappAnd I'm hungry like the wolf.
Hermes: The shot was too good! We're jamming straight for the hole.
Zoidberg: We're gonna crash, even.
Amy: Shmeesh, shmill out, shmeverybody. It's a wormhole hole.
Farnsworth ...nother part of the universe.
Amy: We made it!
Farnsworth: Uh, whaa...
Leela: Crud nuggets! We de-spaced right next to the Nimbus.
Zoidberg: Just when you think the chase is over, it gets twice as exciting!
Bender: Hey, look at that.
Zapp: Well, well, well. My bloodhound-like instincts must have hunted them down while my other parts were throbbing to Duran Duran.
Kif: Shall I initiate a pointless and potentially fatal pursuit?
Zapp: Make it so.
Bender: It's gonna be fun on a bun, in space.
Leela: Look! The asteroid. Now it's crawling with life. Like Zoidberg's sandals!
Fry: Wow! It's incredible.
Leela: But it'll be destroyed when Leo Wong blows up the violet dwarf. So why are you helping him?
Fry: I can't tell you, Leela. You just have to trust me.
Leela: You keep saying that, but you have to give me something to go on or I...
Planet Express Ship Alarm: Out of whale oil. Out of whale oil.
Leela The out-of-fuel indicator. It's indicating.
Zoidberg: Say, what's that violet-colored dwarf-like star thing we're drifting into?
Leela: The violet dwarf star!
Fry: Of course. The gorilla was the 18th hole, so we're headed into the ball return.
Zoidberg: Aye, what else now can go wrong?
Zapp Ladies, you're under arrest. Prepare to be boarded again and again.
Petunia
Leela: Don't give up yet. I've got one more trick up my sleeve.
Amy: That's exactly the number we need.
Zapp: Ah, the fairer sex.
Zapp: Something's very wrong here, and yet a little bit right.
Leela (off-screen)
Bender (off-screen)
Leela: Bender?
Bender: All two tons of me, and if you think that's shocking; wait 'til you see w...
Transition Announcer
Fry.
Hutch: Truth is, you're a mind reader.
Fry: Oh, my God!
Leela
Nine
Hutch: The fate of the universe depends on you.
Fry: Yeah, I get that a lot.
Leela: It's amazing. It's like a textbook on evolution.
Fry: Except in Kansas.
Mr. Wong: I smell sabotage.
Leela
Leela (off-screen)
Bender (off-screen)
Bailiff: Oye, oye, oye. All rise for the honorable Chief Justice D-O-G-G and the Associate Justices.
Snoop Dogg's head: Yo. Seat it or beat it. The charges against y'all femditos is murder, mayhem, vandalism, kidnapping and resisting arrest. Damn! The big five. You may now make your opening "what you got to say for yourselves."
Leela I mean, may it plizzle the cozizzle.
Dogg: Proceed.
Leela: These charges are outrageous. Our only goal was to save a rare violet star and its precious ecosystem. If protecting the environment is a crime, then...
Judge Dogg: Protecting the environment is a crime.
Leela': 
Bailiff: Do you swear to tell the whole truth and nothing but the truth?
Nixon: I... Well, now, I... Am I under oath when I take the oath?
Ruth Bader Ginsburg's head: Can the witness identify the feminista leader?
Bender: That's her right there, with the "I'm gonna kill you Bender" look in her eye.
Antonin Scalia's head: Hey, aren't you the robot who robbed me at gunpoint last year?
Bender: No further answers, Your Honor.
Fry: Please, Justice Dogg, Leela and her friends are completely innocent.
Dogg: Hold up. Were you or were you not abducted by these hoes?
Fry: Well, abducted is such an ugly word.
Clarence Thomas' head: Mr. Wong, the court cannot compel you to testify against your own daughter.
Mr. Wong: No. No, I want to. Also, I got something to say about my wife.
Dogg: Aw, yeah. Having heard some of the testimony over these jams I've been listening to, me and my crew will now kick it in the mix.
Dogg Court. Bailiff, drop it like it's legal precedent.
Bailiff: In the matter of Leo Wong v. The Greenorita Eco-Feminist Collective, four justices vote to convict, five to acquit.
Scalia: However, since the vote was strictly along gender lines and the female justices' votes only count half, you are hereby found guilty.
Ginsburg: It's a humiliating and biased system, but it works.
Dogg
Warden: Ladies! Welcome to hell.
Petunia: Beats Nutley on a Saturday night.
Warden: This is a privately-owned for-profit prison and I run a tight, cheap ship! I've done this by cutting cost everywhere, especially on punishment. I rely on you inmates to make prison unpleasant for yourselves. You're encouraged to sexually harass new prisoners, organize no-holds-barred catfights and maintain poor hygiene.
Amy: Try and make me, copper.
Warden Taste the lash of my 99-cent-store nightstick!
Mr. Wong: Yee-ha! With the feministas in jail, it full speed ahead. You and me, Fry. We implode the violet dwarf star tomorrow. Ka-boom-boom.
Fry: You and me?
Mr. Wong: Yeah.
Fry: Tomorrow?
Mr. Wong: Tomorrow.
Fry: Ka-boom?
Mr. Wong: Ka-boom-boom.
Fry Okay, Leo Wong's about to destroy the violet dwarf. So, whatever I need to know to stop him, tell me now.
Nine: Alas! Stopping Wong isn't the only problem. One of the Dark Ones will try to stop you from stopping him. So, you must stop it from stopping you from stopping him.
Fry: But how can I stop it stop me stop him?
Nine: Stop it! Behold, the Omega Device.
Fry: That's it?
Nine: The important thing is what's inside.
Fry: What does that look like?
Hutch: No one knows, man. It was invented by a blind inventor, and the one dude he described it to was deaf.
Mad Fellow: So the legend goes.
Nine: When activated, the device will emit a localized blast of delta-band noise to momentarily disable the Dark One.
Fry: But the Dark One could look like anything or anyone, right?
Hutch: Or anywhere.
Fry: So, what's your plan to recognize it?
Nine: We don't have one.
Fry: Got it.
Hutch Oh, man! Anyone got some tape or some gum?
Nine: As my colleague indicated, the plan cannot come from us, Fry. We were counting on you and your unreadable brain to come up with something.
Fry: That was a mistake.
Nine: I see that now.
Hutch: Freaky thing is, the Dark Ones' thoughts are unreadable, just like yours.
Nine: Yes, if we dared unwrap our heads, we could easily locate the one other being whose mind we can't read. The Dark One!
Hutch: But then the Dark One would read our minds and crush them like blood pumpkins.
Fry: Wait. I can read minds and my mind can't be read. I have a plan.
Nine: Great. Whatever it is, don't tell us.
Hutch: Wait. Fry can read minds and his mind can't be read. So he can safely scan for the Dark One...
Nine: Shut up! Shut up!
Hutch: ...whose mind can't be read...
Mysterious Voice: Leela, time is running out. We must get to the violet star.
Leela: Okay, okay. Shut up, already.
Dixie: Nobody's talking, Leela.
Trixie: We're just painting each other's toenails with rat blood.
Linda: We now go live to Leela with the escape plan. Leela?
Leela: Thanks, Linda. Now we're in here because we tried to save endangered wildlife. So this time, endangered wildlife will save us.
Amy: The Martian muck leech.
Leela Little cutie almost sucked me dry.
Labarbara: Look at him go. Like a green snake through a sugarcane cake.
Hermes (on her cell phone): Keep trying.
Morbo: Our top story. The universe's most wanted eco-feminists are now behind bars, including gang leader, Turanga Leela. AKA, the Notorious B-I-Itch.
Zoidberg: We finished un-pinking the ship, Hubert. Now what?
Farnsworth: Now we get back to work. And if that means destroying an ecosystem or two, so be it.
Zoidberg: I just meant without our good friends Fry, Leela, Amy and the robut.
Farnsworth: Oh, boo-hoo.
Scruffy: Life goes on. But I believe we'll forever carry the pain on the inside.
Amy: Oh, no, a rooster! That indicates it's the following morning.
Labarbara: How's that creepy crawler doing?
Leela: I'm sorry, femi-sisters, but it pooped out around 3:00 a.m. Poor thing couldn't take another bite.
Amy: Well, I guess we failed. But what matters is, we tried our best and we looked good doing it.
Amy: Bender?
Bender: Who does it look like? My identical cousin Buster?
Amy: Yes.
Leela: You're here to break us out? But you're the one who put us in.
Bender: But I'm Bender, king of the combination shot. I put you in so that by busting you out, I could commit 15 felonies at once. Puttin' my rap sheet miles ahead of yours on the all-time chart.
Leela: You are one devious bastard.
Bender
Leela: What about the sentries?
Leela: Okay, Plan B. Everyone knows men have one fatal weakness - they can't resist hookers. Dixie, Trixie, you know what to do.
Bender
Mr. Wong: Ladies and gentleman and whatever, welcome to my most environmentally disastrous implosion ever. A whole star system!
Zapp: Kif, old boy, mind if I sit on your shoulders for a better view?
Kif: Well, actually, sir, I was hoping...
Mr. Wong: My associate Philip Fry here will have honor to blow this ugly, dirty star into nice, clean black hole.
Mr. Wong: Fry, what you doing down there?
Fry Just polishing your shoes, Mr. W.
Mr. Wong: Mmm, that nice. Get between the toes there, very dirty.
Bender: Well, so much for Plan B.
Leela: What's Plan C?
Bender: All situations have the same Plan C. Bending, come on.
Leela, Bender. It's a brick wall.
Bender: Granted, it's not on the list of approved bendables, but I'm so great!
Amy: Dogs! The boning continues.
Bender Green Bluebird, this is Mr. Fabulous. We are go for cheesing it.
Leela Uh...
Scruffy: Scruffy. The janitor.
Leela: You helped us escape? Even after we locked you in a go-go cage like common go-go dancers?
Farnsworth: I couldn't live with myself, Leela. I call myself a scientist, wear the white coat and probe a monkey every now and again, yet I put monetary gain ahead of preserving nature. Can you ever forgive me?
Scruffy: I reckon.
Leela: I could kiss you, Professor.
Farnsworth
Zapp Brannigan , as it were, it seems only fitting that I, Commodore 64 Zapp Brannigan, say a few brief pages in honor of...
Nine (Telepathically): Whatever your plan is, Fry, I suggest you get on with it. Get... Shoot, I got hot sauce on my Number 9 shirt.
Fry (Telepathically): Okay, locate the Dark One by finding someone whose thoughts I can't read.
Zapp Brannigan: And unaccustomed...
Zapp Brannigan (Telepathically): By God! I'm the greatest speaker of all time. They're suckling at the teats of my every syllable.
Zapp Brannigan: Allow me now...
Kif (Telepathically): His voice is like ear sandpaper.I miss Amy.
Mom
Calculon: I'd like to thank the academy, my agent, and most of all, my operating system, Windows 7, for everything it... System error.
Snoop Dogg (Telepathically): Naked ladies. Naked ladies. Naked ladies. Naked ladies.
Mr. Wong (Telepathically): I never should have taken that accent elimination class from Jackie Chan.
Zapp Brannigan: And so, as we obliterize this star, let us remember those immortal words once spoken by a great man, moi. And I quote, "All good things must come to an end, preferably in a humongous explosion."
Mr. Wong: Let's pop this beach ball.
ALL: Ten! Nine! Eight!
Fry (Telepathically): There's no one here whose thoughts can't be read. No one, except me! My thoughts can't be read. But, but that's crazy. If I were the Dark One, I'd know it, wouldn't I? But, here I am, right where the Dark One would be, about to blow up the star. Oh, God! Somewhere deep inside of me, it's me! I'm the Dark One!
ALL: Two... one!
Leela: Put your hands in the air!
Snoop Dogg: Should we wave them like we just don't care?
Leela: That's optional.
Mr. Wong: You girl punks gone too far this time. Your parents should be ashamed.
Amy: Yes, you should!
Kif: Amy!
Mysterious Voice (Telepathically to Mr. Wong): Destroy the star, Leo, hurry.
Mr. Wong I've gotta admit, Amy, you got a pretty good swing.
Amy: Really? Thanks, Dad.
Leela
Fry: Leela, wait. You're making a mistake. You have no idea what's really going on.
Leela: What is really going on?
Fry: I can't tell you.
Leela: Then why should I trust you? Why?
Fry: Because... Because...
Leela: You're you. That's all I need to know.
Bender: No! Don't do it!
Scruffy: Fiddlesticks.
Amy: Leela, are you crazy? We became fugitives and jail-breakers to stop him.
Bender: And hookers, don't forget hookers.
Leela: Shame on all of you. After everything we've been through together, do you really think Fry would-
Fry: Goodbye, Leela. I destroy myself to save you.
Nixon's Head: Where's the boom? I was expecting a boom.
Fry
Mysterious Voice You're not the Dark One, I am.
Fry: Leela?
Mysterious Voice What did you do to me?
Leela: Ew!
Dark One: I am the Dark One. The very last Dark One. How is it possible I couldn't read your mind? Oh, I am momentarily disabled.
Randy What's happening out there?
Sal: Somethings wondersful.
Leela: The star and the asteroid. They were an egg and a sperm.
Preacherbot: Great modem of mercy. Cover the children's eyes.
Morbo: There are no children here.
Preacherbot: Then move your fat head. I can't see.
Nine: The Encyclopod is reborn. A new green age has begun!
Mad Fellow: So the legend foretold.
Farnsworth: Look! Inside its pouch. Extinct Tasmanian tigers.
Amy: And dodo birds.
Leela: And white rhinos.
Hermes: And striped biologist-taunters.
Striped biologist-taunter: What are you gonna do, shoot us?
Encyclopod These once extinct plants and animals are my gift to the universe. Through untold generations, my race has treasured their DNA. Treat them wisely with the knowledge that all species are precious.
Leela: This is unbelievable. What's going on?
Hutch: To answer that, I must tell you a story. A story of two alien species so ancient that-
Fry: Hutch, are you okay?
Hutch
Fry  Hey, how come I can't read your thoughts anymore?
Encyclopod: I shall avenge you, Hutch Waterfall.
Nine: After all these eons, the Dark Ones are no more. Will you preserve their DNA, O' Great Encyclopod?
Encyclopod: I suppose I should. Wait, where did it go?
Zoidberg: What?
Encyclopod: Well, at any rate, I shall preserve the DNA of Homo sapiens.
Fry: Huh. I thought you only saved the DNA of endangered species.
Encyclopod
Fry: I guess he didn't hear me.
Bender: Well, looks like that wraps everything up in a nice big, old, fat sack of...
Zapp Brannigan Kif?
Kif Wait for me.
Fry: Well, this is the end. There was so many things I wanted to say to you.
Leela: Like what?
Fry: Like this is not the end. But mostly just, I love you, Leela.
Leela
Hermes: Sweet topology of cosmology, it's huge!
Farnsworth: If we fly into it, it could take us trillions of light years away. There's no knowing if we'll ever return.
Fry: What do we do? Should we go for it?
Bender
ALL: Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
Bender.
Bender
Fry: Professor, my Fry-fro's all frizzy.
Farnsworth: OK.
Fry Oh, also; I'm covered with severe burns.
Farnsworth: So!?  What of it?
Fry: Well, why is– those things?
Farnsworth: You mean you don't remember?
Fry: Nope, nothing. It's like when I passed out in college, except no one drew magic marker penises on my forehead.
Farnsworth It all began a few days ago. We were interstellar fugitives on the run from the law.
Zapp: Fire all weapons and open a hailing frequency for my victory yodel.
Farnsworth: And so, as you and Leela kissed goodbye in a tender display of toungesmanship, we plunged into a massive wormhole. Never to be seen again.
Bender: Yeah, we're back.
Hermes: Sweet coincidence of Port-au-Prince, we're back at Earth!
Farnsworth: Of course, that was the Panama Wormhole, Earth's central channel for shipping!
Zoidberg: How humorous.
Farnsworth: Yes! It's sort of a Comedy Central channel, and we're on it now!
Amy: I get it!
Fry: We've lost power to the forward Game Boy, Mario not responding!
Leela: Brace for emergency landing!
Farnsworth Also mine has air conditioning.
Farnsworth: Yet, thanks to my trusty safety sphere, I surblibed with only tribial bray dablage.
Fry: And the others?
Farnsworth: Right here behind this horror cloth.
Fry: Are they dead?
Farnsworth: Oh, no no no, much worse.
Farnsworth:
Farnsworth: Come on, stem cells. Work your astounding scientific nonsense!
Fry: Fetal steam cells? Aren't those controversial?
Farnsworth: In your time yes, but nowadays, shut up! Besides, these are adult stem cells harvested from perfectly healthy adults, whom I killed for their stem cells.
Fry: Hermes Conrad!
Hermes: Oh, mon! I'm dripping with placenta! Good thing it's Casual Friday.
Fry: Amy Wong!
Amy: Oh, baby soft!
Farnsworth:
Hermes: Dr. Zoidberg!
Zoidberg: Oops.
Fry: And the rest!
Amy: Hooray, we're back in business!
Zapp: Uh, never mind.
Fry:
Bender: I'm dying. I need mouth to ass resuscitation.
Fry: It's not working!
Bender:] I die happy knowing you fell for that.
Farnsworth:
Bender:
Farnsworth: That's because the doomsday device I shoved all up in you puts out 50 gigawatts. That's ten times your recommended--
Bender:
Farnsworth: You must burn off the doomsday energy as fast as it produces, or it will build to critical levels.
Bender: You don't mean...
Farnsworth: Oh, but I do. If you stop partying for a single second, you'll explode and kill everyone here in a fireball of melting gears and splattered bowels.
Bender:
Fry: Is she okay? Why hasn't she acknowledged my dinner offer?
Farnsworth:
Fry: Poke harder, damn it!
Farnsworth: but I'm afraid Leela is in an irreversible coma.
Bender: Coma, coma, coma, coma, coma, chameleon!
Fry: My soul mate is gone. Why should I go on living?
Bender:
Fry: But, what if I forget the sweet sound of her voice or the moist touch of her eyeball on my lips?
Bender: Aw! Are you still hung up on Whatshername? Move on already!
Fry: Maybe you're right.
Bender: Maybe I'm always right.
Fry: Build-A-Bot Workshop? It's time to start living again!
Fry: Now that I like for some reason.
Robot Leela: I like jellybeans. Do you?
Fry: I sure do, honey.
Farnsworth: Come now, Fry!  You can't live out this sick fantasy!  Not without our help.
Hermes
Amy: And yet, it still hasn't stopped the elusive bathroom burglar.
Zoidberg:
Hermes: Computer, analyze tapes and extract personality profile of one Turanga Leela.
Computer] Dammit. Analysis complete.
Fry
Computer: Attributes transferred...Shoe size 12...etc.
Robot Leela]
Bender]
Robot Leela: This is wonderful! The last thing I remember I was dying in an explosion. Yet here I am in the flesh more alive than ever!
Fry]
Hermes: You better tell her, Fry.
Robot Leela: Tell me what?
Hermes: Anyway, my work is done. I'm gonna hit the showers.
Robot Leela
Robot Leela: Am I really just a robot? I mean, I have Leela's memories!  Her opinion of gazelles! (Majestic.)  Her emotions! (Confused and hurt.)
Fry] I mean her—Wait, help me out here.
Bender: Do the Bender! Do the Bender!
Randy: No thank you.
Bender
Robot Leela feelings? Am I just an automaton or can a machine of sufficient complexity legitimately achieve consciousness?
Fry: I agree.
Robot Leela] friends?
Fry] Okay.
Bender: Listen up, disco dummies, you just flunked outta Bender's College for Party Knowledge!
Bender: Do the back dance! Do the back dance! Ooh....
Farnsworth (v.o.):
Farnsworth (cont'd)] After all, there's always hope.
Fry: Really?
Farnsworth] No, don't get your hopes up. Frankly, she's just a brainless mound of scabs and pus.
Fry] Oh! I didn't need to hear that.
Farnsworth.
Machine: Wake up! Wake up! Wake up! Wake up! Wake up!
Machine: Wake up! Wake up! Wake up! Wake up!!!! WAKE UP!!!!!!!!!!!
Farnsworth: Well, that's it. I'm afraid traditional medicine has failed.
Fry] I! Love! You!
Robot Leela: Fry, stop. She's gone.
Farnsworth: Dr. Zoidberg, can you note the time and declare the patient legally dead?
Zoidberg I? That's my specialty.
Hermes: As you all know, Leela's living will states that in the event of coma, her body is to be fed to the wild Cyclophage, a highly endangered creature that eats only cyclopses.
Bender]
Fry]
Farnsworth: The beast aproacheth.
Bender: To the beat y'all! To the beat y'all! I'm dancin' a jig wid ma feets y'all!
Amy (whispering): Bender, cut it out! People are trying to have emotions!
Bender (angry)]
Leela: Bender, shut the hell up!
Farnsworth: Bender, stop shutting the hell up!
Bender] Leela's back. As if I care. Woo.
Leela]
Fry: Leela?!
Robot Leela: Leela?
Leela] Leela?
Hermes: Leela.
Leela] How is this possible? And can you believe she wore a tank top to my funeral?
Robot Leela] We gotta get outta here!
Leela
Bender: Ooh, yeah, baby, come on!
Bender
Leela: There's no room for two captains' butts in this chair!
Robot Leela be if you'd taken a spin class instead of lounging around in a coma!
Leela (v.o.): This is crazy.
Leela: It's like I'm looking at an exact robot duplicate of myself.
Farnsworth what you're looking at.
Leela: Oh.  How could you do this, Fry?
Fry: Uh, coma. Sad.
Robot Leela
Fry you.
Leela
Fry: I need cheering up, Bender.  I dunno.  You wanna go out and party tonight?
Bender I hate partying!  If only I didn't have so much crunk in my badunkadunk!  Ooh, yeah! Come on, babe!
Fry (sighing): Why does everything I date run away?  I love Leela, always and forever.  And if I loved Robot Leela, too...
Fry (cont'd): ...well, that's only 'cause she had so much of real Leela in her.  I thought she loved me, too, but, obviously, I was wrong as usual.
Leela: Wrong again.  You were right.
Fry Leela?
Leela] As long as Robo-Leela's not a jealous type like me, thing will wor—
Robot Leela] He's mine!
Leela: Oh, back off, missy!
Amy] Here, take this.
Fry: A gun?!  D-Do I really need to—?
Leela: Shoot her!  She's the robot!
Robot Leela!  She's the human!
Fry: But-But how do I know who's the human and who's the robot?
Leela: We just told you!
Robot Leela: Yeah, you idiot!
Fry
Fry (gasps): I'm a robot, too!
Zoidberg explains this growth on your drive shaft.
Robot Fry: But how is this possible?
Farnsworth: Who knows?  Oh, I do.  Allow me to explain what really happened the day the ship crashed.
Fry: I'll protect you, Leela!  My love is stronger than the vast majority of explosions!
Farnsworth (v.o.)
Farnsworth (v.o.) and built a duplicate...
Farnsworth (v.o): ...then uploaded his personality from the urinal surveillance tapes.
Fry I sure love Leela.
Farnsworth (v.o.): Alas, in recreating Fry's adorable jelly belly, she had overstuffed him with copper wadding.
Farnsworth (v.o.): The inevitable static discharged electrocuted Leela and destroyed both of their short-term memories.
Robot Fry why I'm so amazed by these things I already knew.
Farnsworth (v.o.): What could I do?  I hung up Leela with the other bone bags and went to procure the final ingredient for my stem cell brew.
Robot Fry: Professor, my Fry-fro's all frizzy.
Leela: My god, I can't believe I'll never see that particular Fry again.
Fry: Hey, where's my shoes?
Robot Fry: Fry!
Fry Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't realize I was already here. Wait, what's with all the Leelas?
Robot Fry: Trust me, don't ask.
Fry: Okay, dork. Listen, I'm gonna hit the urinal, maybe talk about myself a little bit, then—
Robot Leela Fry.
Robot Fry Leela.
Robot Leela: We're robots and we're in love. Let's ditch these meat jackets.
Robot Fry: Whoa, cool!
Robot Fry Hasta la vista, wiener!
Robot Leela We'll be back...for our stuff.
Amy: Why did their voices change?
Farnsworth: That's the one thing we'll never truly understand.
Fry: Uh, this is a bit awkward.  Or is it?
Leela: I'm not sure. I lost track around the second robot.
Fry: Well, you know how I feel.  I waited for you for a thousand years.  I can wait a little longer.
Bender: Pffft!  What a load of mush!  I've had it!
Amy (gasps): He's gonna blow!
Farnsworth: Party, Bender!  Party for your life!
Bender: No chance, hot pants!  I'd rather die and kill all of you than party for one more millisecond!
Leela: The cyclops eater!
Bender: Hold on, mac!  It ain't like that!
Bender: Geez, what's it take to kill me?
Farnsworth: Bender, you blew out your excess capacity!  You're cured!
Bender] Oh, sweet mercy.  My hellish nightmare is over. I never have to party again.
Fry: Well, that's that, then.  We're back, everyone!
Bender: Party!!
Zapp: Wheeee!
Transition Announcer!  Brought to you by Bartley's Rocket Wax.
Zapp I wax my rocket every day.
Emperor Chop Chop: No one can save you now, Leela.
Leela Actress: Well, what about Zapp Brannigan?
Emperor Chop Chop] Zapp Brannigan!
Zapp]
Leela Actress: Oh, Zapp!  Tie me back up and ravish me!
Zapp: I'd like to, Leela.  So I will.
Zapp]  I surrender and volunteer for treason!
Kif Emergency summons from the President, captain.
Zapp] Computer, captain's musk.
Zapp: The long dramatic corridor.  That's never a good sign.
Scanner
Zapp: Mr. President, what the hell?
Nixon: At ease, Brannigan.
Nixon: What you're about to see is highly classified. Reptillicus, hit the thingy.
Nixon
Zapp Why's it still blurry?
Kif: That's all the resolution we have. Making it bigger doesn't make it clearer.
Zapp.
Nixon: They fought back with advance military hardware, but it was like shooting BB's at Bebe Rebozo.
Zapp: That poor brave hardware.
Nixon: The sphere then fired some kind of hellish blackout ray.  Erased that planet like eighteen minutes of incriminating tape.
Zapp: Oh, I just wish I understood why.  Why I should care.
Nixon: Because the death sphere is now on course for Earth! Rowrowooooooo!!
Zapp: My god, we're defenseless. Like fish in a barrel.
Nixon: Options?
Zapp] Like the wily fish.
Nixon] Then we're down to our last hope.  A radical new weapon built by a visionary scientist I once dismissed as crazy.
Farnsworth] The correct answer is: very.
Nixon: Alright, Professor. Sock it to me!
Farnsworth: Top secret news, everyone! I've developed a tiny one-man stealth fighter that's virtually undetectable.
Zapp] How undetectable?
Farnsworth: It's right in front of you.
Zapp]—to believe.
Bender: But how exactly is this Happy Meal toy gonna destroy a giant death sphere?
Farnsworth: From within.  This ship should be able to sneak undetected through the sphere's one vulnerable opening.
Hermes: What vulnerable opening?
Farnsworth death spheres have one vulnerable opening.
Zoidberg: Well, sure, but who's brave enough to fly into something we all keep calling a "death sphere"?
NIxon: I say Brannigan.
Zapp] I say no.
Leela: I say me.
Nixon: I say Leela.
Leela: I say yes.
Fry: I say no.
Zapp: I say Leela, too.
Leela: I say yes again.
Zapp: I say I shall join her.
Leela: But it's only a one-man craft...I say.
Zapp one man.  Me.  How would you feel if I rode rear as your personal tail gunner?
Leela: Creeped out.
Zapp
Leela Are you sure I have to sit in your lap?
Zapp: It'll help us achieve maximum thrust.
Fry] Also this picture to remember me by.
Leela] I'll be back soon.
Farnsworth Activate stealth shielding.
Leela: Liftoff!
Zapp: I'll rodger that.
Fry: Did anyone else feel aroused and jealous and worried?
Bender: I haven't felt much of anything since my guinea pig died.
Leela]  Activating the Force.
The Force] miles.
Zapp: Zapp to Leela: look at all that surveillance equipment.
Leela] We better whisper.
Zapp: Switching to pillow talk mode.
Leela: Look.  What are those huge letters?
Zapp: "V-GINY?" Doesn't ring a bell.
Farnsworth (v.o.): Hmmm....
Farnsworth: I don't like the looks of this "V-GINY."  Does anyone recognize those call letters?
Hermes: Nope.  It's not in the Janeway's Guide either.
Farnsworth: Deciphering that ID code is critical.  I'll be in the Chamber of Understanding.
Leela: This is it! The moment we should've trained for!
Leela: Holy cr—
Zapp: Incoming yucky!
Leela: Firing pocket rocket!
Zapp: Don't panic, Leela! Go go go go go!
Leela: I hope this is the control stick!
Zapp: Captain's Log: We've lost control.  Addendum: Whoooaa-oooooaa-ooaaaah!!!
Transition Announcer!
Zapp Chapter Two: "The Heat Thickens".
Zapp: Leela, wake up! I can't face this mysterious planet alone without you or someone like you.
Leela: Zapp?  Zapp, wake up!
Zapp: Leela? Where are we.
Leela: We crashed on an uncharted planet.  When I woke up, I was pinned under this tree. Can you help me?
Zapp] No one can move it. Are you hurt?
Leela: No. But I'm so thirsty.  This spacesuit is making me sweat like a sow.
Zapp.
Leela: Uh, I suppose so.
Zapp: Here.  We can cover ourselves with these sticky sap-covered leaves.  I'll try to avert my eyes from your nudery.
Leela] Eh, what's the point? You'll have to look sooner or later.
Zapp: Well, I promise not to abuse the privilege. For now, I better scout around for food and water and help.
Leela: What a thoughtful and considerate thing to say.  What the hell's wrong with you?
Zapp: I'm not quite sure. Perhaps it's the fresh air or a severe head injury.  In any case, I'm off.
Leela] If you see any steaks, that'd be good!
Fry] Do you think she's okay?
Bender okay?  I'm feelin' a little neglected here!
Fry: Oh, sorry. Are you okay, Bender?
Bender: Shut up!
Hermes: What difference does it make?  When that death sphere gets to Earth, we'll all be blown to Manwich meat!
Amy: Well, I guess it's time to indulge in some end-of-the-world debauchery.  Who's up for an orgy?
Zoidberg: Maybe a Parcheesi tournament.
Farnsworth: Belay that Parcheesi tournament! I've identified the death sphere! We may yet have a faint hope of survival!
Zoidberg: Still, a Parcheesi tournament.
Farnsworth: This is a top secret military satellite launched by the Air Force in 1998.
Farnsworth (cont'd): And this is a top secret FCC satellite launched that same year to censor indecent TV programs.
Bender?
Farnsworth: Precisely.  However, the satellites collided shortly after launch and were never heard from again.
Zoidberg: I found the board!
Farnsworth: Now, I've simulated that collision using Shrapnovision(?).
Fry] Granted, all that makes perfect sense, but why is this death sphere destroying planets?
Farnsworth And finally that world that can't be mentioned in polite company.
Fry: You mean...
Amy: Aw!
Farnsworth: How dare you!?
Amy: Shame on—
Hermes: So the death sphere is "censoring" indecent planets?
Farnsworth: Indeed.  And we're next if we can't keep it in our collective pants!  Our sole hope is to persuade the people of Earth to abandon their smutty ways.
Amy: So the orgy's off?
Leela: So thirsty.  Why couldn't a water fountain have fallen on me?
Zapp: I couldn't find any water.  But the moisture in these fruit and nut berries should sustain you.
Leela]
Zapp: I climbed perilously high into the trees to pick them, yet I saw no sign of intelligent life.
Leela: Bummer.
Zapp: Moreover, the crash totally destroyed our ship.
Leela: So we're stuck here until someone finds us?
Zapp: Alas, that may never happen.  Stealth technology makes the ship impossible to locate yet easy to stub your crotch on.
Leela: Well, there's worse places to be marooned.  Plenty of food, mild climate.
Zapp: It's a veritable Garden of Eden.
Leela: It is?
Snake: Hello.
Leela: Did that snake say, "Hello"?
Zapp: No, we're both delirious from dehydration.
Snake: Just like Adam and Eve.
Farnsworth (v.o.): We can still save Earth.  People are sure to clean up their act when presented with cold hard facts by rational folks like us.
Farnsworth: The end is near! Repent thy sins!
Sal I'll thinks it overs while I engages this five dollar hooker.
Fry Don't do it! It's not worth it!
Petunia: Okay, make it three dollars.
Sal: Yuck! I don't wants no three-dollar hooker.  I'm goin' backs to the adults bookstore.
Fry: Adult bookstore?  I thought this was the public library.
Bender library.
Leela Oh, God, I'm actually starting to miss him.
Snake: Maybe you two belong together.
Leela: We do not.  And you can't talk.
Snake
Zapp] I thought I'd whip us up some shelter, make this a little more like home.
Leela miss the Earth terribly.  I wonder if it's even still there.
Zapp
Leela: That's so sweet.
Snake: I'm just sayin' is all.
Farnsworth: I know my new plan is a long shot, but it's the only hope left.
Hermes on my eyePod.  So, do you have a new plan, Professor, and is there any hope left?
Farnsworth purity in the world.  Begin transmitting.
Farnsworth: Commence purity chant.
Fry Bender?
Bender (v.o.)
Farnsworth: Bender, stop!! STOP!!
Bender: Aw, quiet, you riot.  What's the worst that could happen?
Leela (v.o.): No!
Leela
Zapp
Leela Maybe this was meant to be. Maybe you and I were meant to build a new world here.
Zapp: We can avoid humanity's mistakes.
Leela: Like the tuba.
Zapp: Yes.  We'll be like Adam and Eve.
Leela: Only without the tuba.
Zapp: And we'll beget little Zapp Jr. and Leela Jr. and they'll have kids of their ow—Yecch!  Is that really what happened in the Bible?!
Leela: It's a sick and twisted book of holiness all right.
Zapp: Then we'll write our own Bible, with less Sodom and more Gomorra.
Leela Come here, Adam, partake of my forbidden fruit.
Zapp: Thee will be done.
Leela
Zapp: Uh...woh...ih...Giiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiih—I have a terrible confession to make!
Zapp (v.o.): You see, when I first went foraging, what I actually found was the smoldering wreckage of the ship.  Ignoring all danger, I charged inside to liberate our provisions.
Leela the trail mix Fry gave me!
Zapp a little better of me.
Leela Hey, wait!  You've been doing an awful lot of urinating!
Zapp
Zapp (v.o.): ...after I selflessly rescued the trail mix, I braved the flames once more in search of fluids.
Leela any?
Zapp I though it might help you forget your intense hatred for me if you were a teensy bit delirious.
Leela: So you let me dehydrate while you washed down the trail mix with imported mineral water?
Zapp
Zapp (v.o.): You see, besides the trail mix, the minibar also contained Doritos, beef jerky and a generous assortment of fine chocolates.
Zapp: I wanted to offer you the chocolates, I truly did.  But I was concerned about your waistline.  Very concerned.
Leela Oh, dear God!
Zapp: Gluuuuuuuuyiiiiiiiiiiiih, it was just after we crashed!
Zapp (v.o.): I awoke first to find you trapped.
Zapp: Leela.  Leela! Wake up!
Leela: You could've moved this grub-infested log anytime you wanted?!
Zapp: Well, sure.  But then I wouldn't have been able to provide the loving care you wouldn't have needed.
Leela The ship's fully functional, isn't it?
Zapp: Ee-iiiiiiiiiiiiiiih, you see...
Zapp (v.o.): ...after re-trapping you and before feigning unconsciousness, I paused to enjoy a cigar.  Though mellow and satisfying, it did parch me a bit.  So I went in search of brandy.  That's when my keen senses detected the still invisible ship.
Zapp: Ow!
Leela
Fry
Leela Well?
Zapp: Oooheeeeeeaaaaiiiiiiih, we're actually on Earth!  The ship's homing device brought us back!
Leela: But I saw Earth explode!
Zapp I'm actually kinda proud of this one.  You see...
Zapp (v.o.): What you saw was merely a simulation I rigged up using the ship's holographic targeting projector.  The alleged telescope was a toilet paper tube.
Leela any toilet paper!  And that humanity was annihilated!
Zapp: My motives were pure!  I just wanted you think we had to save humanity so you'd be willing to have sex.  Please say you believe me.
Leela: Yes.  I believe you.
Fry: Yay!
Bender
Leela] Yet.
V-GINY: People of Earth, hear the righteous word of the Mighty V-GINY!
Bender: The Mighty V-GINY!
V-GINY: Seeing you frolic in this unspoiled garden gives hope that this world may yet be redeemed.
Farnsworth: Huzzah!  The purity chant worked!
V-GINY: Unacceptable wardrobe malfunction!  I was referring to Adam and Eve.
Leela Adam and Eve.  You see, due to a series of—
V-GINY: Consummate your union or I shall destroy Earth!
Leela: Well, if it's to save Earth, I-I guess I could take one for the team.
Zapp: You what?  R-Right now?  Eh, but I need a little romance, first.  Maybe a vanilla candle or something.
V-GINY: Commence intercourse.
Zapp The giant guns are making me feel sort of...inadequate.  I'm not sure if I could—
Leela] Move it!  I gotta get home and do laundry!
Fry: For God's sake, censor it!!! CENSOR IT!!!
V-GINY: Approved for all audiences!!
Fry: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!
Transition Announcer!
Zapp: That was a close call but we saved Earth.  Was it as good for you as it was for the human race?
Leela Actress: Oh, Zapp, let's save another planet right now!
Poopenmeyer: As mayor, it is my deeply tedious pleasure to kick off the 83rd or 84th Annual e-Waste Recycling Festival!
Bender: Down in front!
Zoidberg: Sorry, I get aroused in crowds.
Poopenmeyer
Farnsworth: These old doomsday devices are dangerously unstable.  I'll rest easier not knowing where they are.
Leela: So long, overly complicated Japanese toilet!
Toilet Please.  I not to throw away.  I give you, uh, Happy Poopie Time.
Fry: Sorry, you know too much.
Bender] Flexo?!  What are you doin' in a hazardous wastebin?
Flexo: Haven't you heard?  Us bending units are dangerously outdated.  We overheat, we're radioactive, we cause erectile dysfun—
Farnsworth: Who were you talking to?
Bender] No one? Your mama? Shut up? Take your pick.
Scoop Chang: Scoop Chang, New New York Times Online Podcast blog comments editor.  Mr. Mayor, isn't this e-waste dangerous?
Poopenmeyer: Not at all, Scoop. Not after it's hauled off to the Third World by an expendable team of minimum-wage nobodies.
Farnsworth] Good news, nobodies!
Antarian #1]
Leela: There's nothing wrong with our clunker.
Antarian #1: Really? Because we can smelt out the deadly, deadly chromium to make rat poison and artificial sweeteners.
Leela: No, thanks. We're delivering e-waste.
Antarian #1: Pity. We're halfway done.
Antarian #2: This thing is 40% chromium.
Antarian #1: Gentle now.  Gentle with the hover dumpster.
Antarian #1]
Fry What smells like bloody sinuses?
Antarian #1: We burn your e-waste down to the usable metals, safely releasing the toxins into our air and drinking water.
Leela: Uch!  That's the worst thing I've ever seen!
Antarian #1] Okay, kids, let's play Find the Shiny!
Leela horrific! Is all the work done by children?
Antarian #1
Leela outdated.
Phone Hello, Miss Turanga, your call to St. Louis has gone through.
Bender The batteries in the remote are gettin' low.
Leela: No! Put that back and turn it on!
Bender
Morbo: More on this breaking puff piece after a word from our sponsor.
Announcer: WIth the new eyePhone, you can watch, listen, ignore your friends, stalk your ex, download porno on a crowded bus, even check your E-mail while getting hit by a train.  All with the new eyePhone.
Mom: From Mom.
Leela
Phone is a fine howdoyoudo.
Hermes So long.
Fry Sayonara.
Amy Buh-bye.
Zoidberg Good riddance.
Bender Yep.
Farnsworth Toodle-oo!
Leela: Come on!  Let's buy some eyePhones on line!
Fry: Wait.  I thought we were buying our eyePhones online.
Leela on line.
Fry: But I thought the Mom Store was across town.
Amy
Fry: But I thought—
Bender: Stop thinking, Fry!
Fry: I feel like a mindless zombie.  I wish I knew how long we've been waiting.
Beeler: The eyePhone has an app for that!
Bender: Is there an app for kissin' my shiny metal ass?
Beeler: Several!
Bender: Ooooooh!
Farnsworth: Oh, no!  The light!  I guess I'm off to Hell.
Hermes: That's the store, Professor.
Farnsworth: Eh-wha?
Amy: Shwow! It's that obscure underground song that's constantly playing everywhere.
Mom Hello, dearies.  Welcome to the Mom Store.  The new eyePhones are in short supply, so please form an orderly—
Bender: Outta the way!
Fry Are there any left?
Salesman.
Salesman: Okay, it's $500, you have no choice of carrier, the battery can't hold a charge and the reception isn't very—
Fry Shut up and take my money!!
Mom: The new eyePhone is wonderful. I use it to check recipes and send threatening e-mails to unauthorized third party app developers.
Fry: Say, you're from one of those ethnicities that knows about technology.  Why's it called an eyePhone?
Salesman: I'll explain after I install it.
Fry: Neat.
Salesman
Mom here's a twit now.
Larry: Hi, Mom, I love you more than Kaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaar—
eyePhone: Low battery.
Mom Unbiasedreviews.mom says, "Twitcher is the Killer App!"
Mom And when I say, "killer app", I mean, "KILLER app!"
Announcer: And now, another downloadisode of "The Real Housewives of Sim City"!
Sims Woman: She needs to reset.  I'll say it to her face.
Fry.
Bender Nowadays, cool kids like me mash up our own phoneisodes.
Calculon: It's from the kidnappers.  My nephew is alive and he's...in this envelope.
Calculon's Nephew They cut off one of my dimensions!
Calculon No.  No!
Bender Oh, my God! It's Bender! He'll save us!
Fry: What's happening to me?  Is it puberty?
Bender: It's a phone call, dingus.
Fry: These eyePhones are phones, too?
Bender: Duh!
Fry: Fry-lo.
Leela Hi, Fry.  Did you know these eyePhones are phones, too?
Fry: Duh.  Hey, is it safe to talk while you're flying?
Leela] and this spaghetti.
Leela
Bender: Hey, check out this Internet video of some idiot crashing her spaceship!
Leela: You recorded that?
Bender did was add a laugh track and twit it to my 10,000 followers.
Fry Scratchin' my underarm fungus.  Lookin' for love.  Send.
Larry OW!
Mom: It's exactly the right amount of information!  For years, I've collected personal data with old-fashioned methods like spybots and infosquitoes.
Infosquito: This guy sure loves porno.
Mom: But now, thanks to Twitcher, morons voluntarily spew out every fact I need to exploit them.
Walt: Target acquired, Mother.
Mom: Fire direct marketing algorithm!
Man: Do you suffer from the heartbreak of...?
Fry's Voice: "—my underarm fungus."
Man, need the soothing relief of Mom's Caustic Anti-Fungal Bleach!
Fry: Ooh, can I somehow charge it to my eyePhone for an additional fee?
Mom (v.o.): Hell, yes!
Ad: Hey, fatso, stuffa you face!
Hermes Attention followers: It's Free Topping Day at the pizza place across the street! Send.
Leela Duh. That's why we all came over here for lunch. Send.
Bender Can you believe 50,000 idiots swallow that crap? Send. Oops.
Fry You have 50,000 followers? I only have three. Send.
Leela: I unsubscribed yesterday.
Bender: I got the most followers cuz I give the people what they want, like this video of you doin' karate in your underpants.
Fry Help!  Police!
Bender: Send.
Fry standards.
Bender: My what, now?
Fry: Since when is the internet about robbing people of their privacy?
Bender: August 6, 1991.
Fry: I'll bet I can get as many followers as you without sinking to your level.  What do you say?  First one to a million followers wins a buck.
Bender Send.
Fry: What happens to the loser?
Bender: Let's make it interesting.
Amy: Splech!  Why is Mr. Chunks doing that?
Bender
Fry diarrhea!
Bender: Good idea!  That way, we don't waste an end!
Leela Eg, it's putrid! What do you feed him?
Bender
Mom Are you dumb bastards listening to me, you dumb bastards?
Igner: Why are you so angry, Mommy?
Mom  You see, the plan is about to enter phase two.  As soon as someone reaches a million followers, I'll use them to transmit...the Twitworm!
Walt: Oh, Mother, you devious hag, tell us more about this "Twitworm".
Mom: It's a very special computer virus, for instead of infecting computers, it infects...the human brain!
Infosquito: I like it!
Mom
Larry: The important thing is we're a family.
Mom: NO IT'S NOT!
Amy: Ew!  He sneezed in it!
Fry: Oh, God, I'm gonna lose the bet!  I'm gonna have to swim in the juice of the puke-me-poop-yu!
Amy: Don't give up.  You just need more titillating twits.
Fry: Trust me, I want twits that tittle.
Leela: Then you're gonna have to sink to Bender's level. Stop acting like the Queen of England.
Female Voice La la la la la la la!
Fry: Whose that?  The Queen of England?
Leela
Fry: That was odd.  Where'd that singing come from?
Amy: It wasn't the goat.  All of its orifices are in use.
Female Voice I dreamed a dream in time gone by...
Leela and Female Voice
I dreamed that love would never die.
Susan I dreamed that God would be forgiving.
Fry: What the hell is that?
Leela Nothing.
Susan: I'm not nothing!  All my life, everyone's called me, "nothing"!
Fry: You have a boil on your butt that sings showtunes with you?
Leela: Don't look at me!  I'm a freak!
Fry Well...
Leela I've been ashamed of Susan as long as I can remember.
Fry: You named your boil Susan?
Susan
Fry: Ew, she's Scottish!
Leela It's hard enough being a cyclops, but if anyone found out about Susan, I'd be devastated.
Susan
Fry Million follower gross.
Leela: Fry, delete that! Delete that right now!
Fry: What?  Oh.  Okay.
Bender So much for a pleasant swim in vomit.
Fry
Leela: Did you delete it?
Fry Eh.
Leela You're a good friend.
Fry: Ih.
Susan
Hoschel HOOOOOOOOOO!
Sal: Whoa-whoa-whoas!  If it ain'ts the world's number ones internet sensation!
Leela: Where?  Also, what?
Susan (v.o.) Ama-
Susan (v.o.)
Hermes: Play it one more time!
Farnsworth more times!
Fry not swimming in barf might ease my conscience.
Zoidberg: But if Leela should find out, her dignity sac will rupture.
Fry: That's why we can't let her see this.  Leela, lock the doors so Leela doesn't—EEEEE!
Leela How could you do this?!!
Amy: Poor Mr. Chunks.  At least he died doing what he loved.
Bender
Scruffy  Mm-hmm.
Farnsworth: Impending news, everyone!  We're about to learn the winner of the bet!
Bender
Bender wasn't part of the deal!
Hermes: Sweet Georgia Brown of Kingston Town! It's a tie!  Since no one lost, no one has to jump!
Bender
Fry: Oh, I'm a scuzzball.
Zoidberg: Don't feel bad.  At least you're not Leela.
Mom million zombies!
Walt: Actually, Fry and Bender may share some of the same followers.  All we can say for sure is that there will be between one million and two million zombies.
Mom Now stop getting slapped and power up the Twitworm!
Hoschel: It's both disgusting and inspiring, like Jared from Subway.
Leela a human being more or less.
Sal news.
Hoschel: Like that giant caterpillar what ate Jared from Subway.
Sal video sensation.
Leela: So my humiliation is over?
Sal: Who are you?
Mom: And now, to create an unstoppable army of between one and two million zombies!
Igner: Uh, shouldn't you wait for the weather to clear up?
Mom Send.
Fry Leela!
Leela:  Fry, I came to talk to you.
Fry.
Leela: It looked like you were just sitting there, but whatever.
Fry: I am so, so sorry for what I did.  And I know I can never make it up to you.
Leela: You don't have to apologize.  In fact, I came to thank you.
Fry: I think you mean hit me.
Leela: Everyone knows my secret, but no one cares.  I have nothing to hide anymore.  Oh, Fry, thanks to your selfish rudeness, a terrible weight has been lifted from my heart!
Susan (v.o.): That's not the only place you need a terrible weight lifted!
Leela: Susan and I are agreed.  For the first time in our lives, we're not ashamed of who we are.
Susan (v.o.) ashamed.
Leela What stinks?  Were you rolling around in New Jersey?
Fry: Leela, I knew I could never make it up to you, so I did the next best thing.  I put myself through the same humiliation I put you through.
Leela: Aw, you didn't have to do that.
Fry? Damn.
Leela: Don't worry.  By tomorrow, no one will remember.
Fry: Can I have another hug?
Leela: No.
Susan (v.o.): Oh, hold yer nose an' give it a go!
Mom (v.o.): Introducing the all new eyePhone 2.0!
Mom: Dumb bastards.
Linda We now go live to our eye-in-the-sky hovercopter on the scene of that terrible hovercopter crash. Jim?
Jim
Linda One for the blooper reel.
Kif instead. No, wait. There might be chopping.
Amy: God, what a wuss. Stop being such a spineless jellyfish.
Kif.
Amy: Not where it counts.
Morbo's urine-soaked walls have been desicrated by a mysterious tile-work graffiti artist.
Linda have no idea who is behind this innovative scourge of public art.
Bender That is one sexy bridge abutment.
Hyper-Chicken
Bender Oops!
URL
Smitty: You know, that don't look half bad on your buttocks.
URL: It does sorta class-up the place.
Clock: The time is 4 am.
Amy: We've been arguing all night, Kif. Can't we go to bed?
Kif.
Amy: We're just going through a rough patch.
Kif: It is not a patch. It's been ages, according to your wildly inappropriate "Hunk of the Month" calender.
Amy out of this!
Todd
Amy
Bender
Amy: Oh, no!
Bender
Amy: I don't have that kind of money laying around.
Bender
Roberto
Bender
URL Rodríguez! These two brothers bailed your ass out.
Bender Tell me, have things changed on the outside. Is food finally in pill form? What about pills? Are they in food form?
Larry the Murder Burglar Hey, hot stuff. I'm Larry the Murder Burglar.
Amy: Hi, Larry. I like your tattoos.
Kif: Amy, that man's a criminal!
Amy! I have one of my mom. Wanna see?
Larry the Murder Burglar: Sure.
Kif I just don't understand why you have to flirt with every bad boy in sight.
Amy: Quit exaggerating.
Criminal: Nobody move, or sweet cheeks here gets it!
Amy Oh! You're bad!
URL Momma said, Spock you out!
Kif
Bender Let's go already!
Leela: Here's to Amy, single, lonely, and fabulous.
Amy: Thanks everybody. Looks like I'm back in the game.
Bender
Security woman
Bender
Fry: Tough break, Amy. Are you and Kif getting divorced?
Amy, so we weren't really married.
Bender
Leela: So, Amy, how can I phrase this delicately? Why did Kif dump you like a sack of yesterday's turds?
Amy: He says I have a thing for bad boys. It's so stupid.
Bender
Amy: Bender, why do you have to be so mean to me?
Bender: Shut up, baby, you love it.
Amy: Don't tell me to shut up! You know what happened to the last guy that told me to shut up?
Bender: What?
Amy: That was great.
Bender Come over here.
Amy We can't tell anyone, not even our co-workers.
Bender
Hermes
Leela: I thought circusitis only affected children.
Hermes: Children of all ages.
Zoidberg: Bender, old friend. What's on your face?
Bender Uh. Blood. You know, from shaving of the face-beard.
Fry: Amy, are those gear imprints on your sweatpants?
Amy: Uh, maybe. So what?
Fry: I only brought it up because Bender is wearing them.
Bender Uh, I stole them from her. Yeah, that's it, call the cops.
Hermes
Bender: Amy, I reckon sweet talk don't come natural to me, but of everyone I've ever dated, you are probably in the top ten.
Amy
Preacherbot is an abomination!
Bender: Oy, this guy.
Preacherbot: The good book sayeth a robot shall not lie down with a human, nor do it standing up, nor any angle in between.
Bender
Farnsworth That's why I need you folks to get out there and harvest a nice ripe one. This cattle prod should help.
Leela
Farnsworth: Get out there!
Leela: Is everybody in position?
Amy: What?
Zoidberg: Is someone talking?
Leela: Okay, good. On three. One.
Hermes: What did she say?
Leela: Two.
Bender
Leela: Three.
Zoidberg: I'm ready for the countdown.
Leela: I'm not hearing anyone! Abort mission!
Fry: She said, "Go!"
Farnsworth
Leela: Honestly, that went better than I expected.
Farnsworth
Fry: Hey, where's Amy and Bender?
Zoidberg
Hermes: Sounds like a muskrat's caught in there.
Leela: That's Amy's sweatshirt!
Fry: And that's Bender's hat from the Player's ball!
Hermes: Sweet tornadoes of Barbados! Bender and Amy have been torn to shreds!
Farnsworth Oh, the humanity! Also Bender!
Amy Uh-oh!
Farnsworth: What's going on here?
Bender Nothing.
Farnsworth: A pair of deviant robosexuals. Not under my roof!
Bender the roof?
Farnsworth: Get your mind out of the gutter!
Bender: What about in the gutter?
Leela: Professor, there is nothing wrong with robosexuality.
Hermes: Yeah, when the lights go out, it's nobody's business what happens between two consenting adults.
Zoidberg: Or one!
Amy don't find out.
Farnsworth
Amy: Mom? Dad?
Leo Atta girl!
Bender: Uh-oh! not the innocent whistling!
Preacherbot Repent!
Bender
Inez: Look, we're your family. And if you can't talk about your problems with us, that would be great.
Amy: I don't have a problem! I'm in a happy relationship that just happens to be robosex-
Leo You finish that word, you kill your parents.
Wine Bucket
Amy: Thank you.
Leo: Stop seducing him, you hussy!
Amy: Dad, gleesh! I'm attracted to Bender, not his emotionless wine bucket!
Wine Bucket Hopes deleted.
Preacherbot is paved with human flesh.
Bender: Neat!
Preacherbot: Over the course of this escape-proof workshop, your software will be reprogrammed through prayer. And by some tech support guys in India.
Robosexual Robot that some robots are hardwired to be robosexual.
Preacherbot: Don't believe those lies, son! The one ones worth believing are the ones in the Bible. Can I get an "Amen"?
Hermaphrobot: I'll take a-three-men, holla!
Inez I want to be a grandmother nine months from five minutes from now.
Amy: Cut it out, Mom! I'm not interested in any of these gross, ugly losers.
Fry What about this gross, ugly, smelly loser?
Leo: Fry! What you doing here?
Fry
Amy
Leo: Look at all that awkward winking.
Inez
Amy: My parents may be evil, but at least they're stupid.
Preacherbot In this phase, you will literally wrestle with your demons. Your shapely, buxom, human demons.
Fatbot: Look at the rack on that one! Oh! I mean, that one on the rack!
Preacherbot Now, work it hard! Harder! Till the sin explodes! Ouch! Mmmm. Mercy. Okay, Lord's work is done. Now, now, cuddle. Cuddle with your demons.
Bender: Oh, Amy. I wonder where you are right now!
Amy: I'm inside the dummy to rescue you.
Bender
Leela Bender, be careful!
Bender: Fry? Leela? You're in there, too? Blech.
Zoidberg: I guess we should have waited in the ship.
Bender will you marry me?
Amy: Yes! Yes!
Farnsworth No!
Zoidberg Horray!
Farnsworth: Horray denied! Need I remind you that robosexual marriage is illegal!
Leela.
Bender: You mean Space-tax-achusetts. No chance, stretch pants! We're gonna fight to legalize it right here!
Hermes: Yeah, man! You got to legalize it!
Amy: We're talking about robosexual marriage.
Hermes: We're talking about lots of stuff.
Fry: Cool! Can you turn into a race car?
Hot Dog Stand: Nah, I'm just a pre-op transformer.
Amy Thank you for coming, everyone. We're all having some good, clean fun here.
Hedonism Bot
Amy
Bender
Randy daddies.
Bender but not robot and human.
Amy: That's why we're introducing this ballot initiative to legalize robosexual marriage.
Bender!
Bender
Linda As election day nears, prop infinity seems doomed to certain defeat.
Morbo Doooooooomed!
Linda More fair and balanced coverage after a word from our sponsor, No on Infinity.
Actor 1: A storm is gathering.
Actor 2: A storm of robosexual marriage that will rain down on us like fire.
Actor 1: It's probably a firestorm.
Actress: If robosexual marriage becomes legal, imagine the horrible things that will happen to our children, then imagine we said those things, since we couldn't think of any. As a mother, those things worry me.
Man.
Amy!
Bender: But we still have one hope, my big televised debate! I'm our A in the hole!
Fry: Professor, who's debating for your side?
Farnsworth: Oh, that guy, you know, I forget his name.
Farnsworth That's him!
George Takei's head We flipped a coin before the debate and Bender stole it, so we'll start with him.
Bender: Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, I... Oops. Sorry, force of habit. I support this proposition because I love a goopy, flesh-and-blood woman, and not surprisingly, she loves me. This is a simple matter of justice, which I'm not normally for. So, please, vote yes. After all, our love isn't any different than yours, except it's hotter, 'cause I'm involved.
Takei explained why he couldn't pay me back. Rebuttal, Professor?
Farnsworth: This $4 coffee pot talks about love, but what he describes is perversion.
Bender: You wouldn't know perversion if it put clamps on your testicles! You're just jealous, 'cause you've never known true love.
Farnsworth How could she do that to me, her Farnypoo?
Amy: That's it? You hate robosexual 'cause your girlfriend left you for a robot?
Farnsworth
Bender
George Takei's head
Linda In a stunning turnout, voters have approved Proposition Infinity. Robosexual marriage is now legal.
Morbo What's next, gay robosexual marriage?
Amy: We did it, honey! Finally, we can have a legal, monogamous marriage, like everyone else!
Bender
Radio announcer".
Wailing Fungus: Shut up and love me!  Shut up and love me!
Morbo.
Bender Give him hell, Morbo!
Morbo So Fry, what do you do for a living?
Fry: Me? Um, can I phone a friend?
Morbo Are you ready to play?
Fry: I didn't come to play. I came to win. Now let's play.
Morbo: For $1, what tool is used to hammer a nail? Is it, A, a hammer? B, A nail? C...
Fry
Hermes! Don't you ever stop to think before you speak?
Fry: I never stop to think about it.
Leela: Aw, leave Fry alone. His intelligence is just a little differenty.
Bender You big dummy!
Fry: Hey, I'm begining to think you guys don't think I'm very smart.
Farnsworth.
Fry
Amy.
Farnsworth: Not distant enough! I'll be a monkey's uncle if I'm this monkey's nephew!
Fry But you're my only family. Who will hug me if I achieve something?
Farnsworth repugnant.
Farnsworth
Fry: What turned them to stone?
Farnsworth He invented flying machines, war engines, submarines.
Fry died in the wall.
Farnsworth
Fry Indeed so. Most indeededly.
Farnsworth
Fry: What is it, Professor?
Farnsworth Oh, my! It's da Vinci's fabled lost invention. Even the scholars who wrote of this device had no idea what it was for. And now, at least, neither do I!
Fry: Maybe we can figure it out.
Farnsworth
Fry
Fry: I was in the hospital two weeks. No one visited me.
Farnsworth: Quiet, you! I'm trying to deduce the function of da Vinci's lost invention.
Fry: Not even a card.
Farnsowrth.
Bender
Zoidberg!
Amy!
Bender: That's the great thing about that hand.
Hermes And what about these funky table legs? It's like their part of some other, funkier painting.
Zoidberg.
Farnsworth: That's true, Dr. Zoidberg. How did you know that?
Zoidberg: My doctorate is in Art History.
Farnsworth
Hermes: Wait a second, I'm not big-boned, I'm just fat.
Farnsworth
Amy: My God! I'm looking!
Leela: My God! Saint James was a robot!
Zoidberg: My God! da Vinci left his legs unpainted as a clue.
Farnsworth and exhume the body of Saint James.
Hermes: Didn't we used to be a delivery company?
Farnsworth: To the ship!
Fry?
Leela: Sure, why not?
Farnswoth.
Fry: Roman numerals? I've got it! We're in Rome.
Farnsworth
Bender
Farnsworth: It's true, Saint James really was a robot.
Bender
Fry: My God! Robot Saint James is a zombie.
Animatronio: Nay, I am not Saint James.
Bender.
Animatronio I'm sure you have many questions. Come, there is a chamber where I used to speak with Pope John the Patient.
Animatronio I am Animatronio, guardian of da Vinci's great secret. He left my legs visible in the painting as a clue, then dispatched me hither to wait for his shadow society of intellectuals.
Fry: Hi, Animatronio.
Farnsworth
Animatronio
Bender: The what now?
Animatronio
Farnswoth: Quick, we must find out what he knows before he flays himself to death!
Leela: Where is the great fountain?
Fry: What makes it so great?
Bender?
Animatronio: Fie, thou fen-suckled bum-bailey! Thou wilst never pry information from these mechanical lips!
Leela: Just tell us, already!
Animatronio
Farnsworth. There can be no question!
Leela: But, Professor...
Farnsworth: There can be no question!
Fry
Farnsworth: Okay, everyone, into the fountain.
Bender? I'm not jumping in there.
Fry: Hey, look. Coins.
Bender
Farnsworth
Leela
Fry
Farnsworth: My god! It's the Pantheon!
Leela: This place is 3,000 years old. What could possibly be left to discover?
Farnsworth
Fry: It's truly a masterpiece. Note how the perspective lines draw the eye right to his dong.
Farnsworth
Bender: Anyone hear something?
Farnsworth: It's a coin slot. Bender, insert that giant nickel.
Bender Ow!
Farnswoth I withdraw the question, Vitruvian Man.
Farnsworth: Da Vinci's lost workshop!
Fry: At the risk of sounding stupid, do these things actually work?
Farnsworth I mean, that flying machine is as aerodynamic as a sofa. How could it possibly get off the ground?
Animatronio
Fry: Hi, Animatronio.
Animatronio
Bender: All right, buddy, we want secrets! And they better be ancient!
Animatronio: Porco metallico! Never shall I reveal how these wonderous machines fit together!
Farnsworth: They fit together?
Animatronio
Fry You're right, Professor. This thing doesn't fly.
Farnsworth
Animatronio
Fry: Bye, Animatronio!
Farnsworth: My God! Why would Leonardo's machine's brought us here?
Fry
Leonardo da Vinci.
Farnsworth: My God!
Fry: That's what I was gonna say!
Farnsworth: Leonardo! You're alive? Here?
Leonardo. In truth, I am what you call a space alien.
Farnsworth: Oh!
Fry? Neh.
Farnsworth
Fry: Looks like eating rocks wasn't as dumb as you said.
Fry: So what do people do for fun here?
Leonardo and lusty women?
Fry: I sure do!
Leonardo: Not us. We spend our leisure time in the mathematics museum. Planet Vinci is basically a single colossal university.
Fry team?
Leonardo: Learned.
Farnsworth
Leonardo: Would you like to hear the lecture, too, Fry?
Fry: No. It would just go in one ear and out some other hole.
Leonardo: Come, sit down.
Fry I have a terrible secret to confess, Mr. DiCaprio. I'm not very smart.
Leonardo: I appreciate your candor.
Fry: I don't even know what language you're speaking.
Leonardo: I, too, have a confession. You see, here on Planet Vinci, I am the stupidest person.
Fry
Biff.
Woman.
Leonardo: Stupid Biff. Thinks he's so smart.
Fry: He looks stronger than you, too.
Leonardo: I went to Earth because I could no longer stand the ridicule. But being surrounded by even stupider people was equally infuriating.
Fry: I can see myself in your shiny button.
Leonardo: Inventing is what makes me happy. Or did, until I misplaced the plans for my masterpiece.
Fry
Leonardo Infinity joy! Fry, my friend, you have given my life a meaning again!
Farnsworth Embarrassed!
Fry
Leonardo: For centuries, you've all ridiculed me. Especially you, Biff.
Biff
Leonardo: But, at long last, this invention will show you. It will show you all. Behold, my unstoppable doomsday machine!
Fry machine.
Leonardo: Ice cream is just a by-product of the machine. It's primary purpose is to exterminate everyone who ever made me feel inferior!
Biff: Oh, I'm so scared!
Girl
Leonardo
Farnsworth I want in on this!
Fry: Are you crazy, Professor?
Farnsworth: I hate these nerds. Just because I'm stupider than them, they think they're smarter than me. Kill them all, starting with the math teacher!
Farnsworth I knew this final invention would be a humdinger!
Leonardo: Yes, we three idiots will finally have our revenge.
Fry There's always going to someone smarter than you, so the only way to be happy is to make the most of what you've got.
Leonardo: But you've got nothing.
Fry
Biff: Some doomsday machine! It barely killed anyone!
Leonardo
Farnsworth: Oh, my.
Girl: Poor Leonardo da Vinci. He sure was stupid.
Farnsworth: Fry, I admire what you did today, and I'm deeply sorry for insulting your intellect. Your tiny, tiny intellect. Oops, there I go again, you dope. I mean, dummy.
Fry used to say.
Farnsworth: She was a wise woman.
Fry: Also, that I'm not much to look at.
Farnsworth: A wise woman, indeed.
Farnsworth I fear I may not survive this war reenactment. I can't believe we’re only twelve feet from the parking lot.
Fry.
Leela: Not the Civil War private. We’re reinacting the Sith-il War. Fry?
Bender: Enemy invaders! Up in yonder sky!
Darth Stroyer: I am Darth Stroyer.
Fry: Darth Stroyer? That’s the stupidest name I’ve ever heard.
Leela: Let’s hear the rest.
Darth Trocious: Darth Trocious.
Darth Sploder: Darth Sploder.
Darth Urderer: Darth Urderer.
Darth Ithead: Darth Ithead. Leela: Company! Attack!
Hermes: Don’t fire until you see the greens of their eyes! It saves on bullets.
Darth Stroyer It is done.
Scruffy Mhrm.
Darth Sploder: You're dead!
Farnsworth
Darth Sploder Woah! That's good acting!
Fry
Darth Sploder: Tell my mother... to pick me up outside Quiznos.
Hermes
Bender
Darth Trocious!
Bender
Fry: If you were really dead, you wouldn't be laughing so hard.
Bender.
Fry: So? What if something heavy fell on you, like a church? You could still die.
Bender: Nuh-uh! My wireless back-up unit saves a copy of me every day. So, if my body gets killed, big whoop, I just download into another body. I'm immortal, baby!
Amy: What? Then how come you always scream so much when you're in danger?
Bender: I never said I wasn't a drama queen.
Hermes: And the winner of the war is... let me just cross check my tabulation here. Factor in the corsages for the widows.
Bender: Hurry up, you number-crunching crumb-nuncher! Everybody but me is dying of old age!
Hermes.
Darth Sploder: Hot diggity! I mean... Supreme diggity.
Fry: It may have been a fake war, but my scuffed knee is all too real.
Farnsworth: I have pain in joints I had removed a century ago. Bender, bring me my soft chair with the wheels on it.
Bender: Your wheelchair?
Farnsworth: I don't need a wheelchair! The one with the wheels!
Bender: Poor flimsy humans. Don't you wish you were flawless like me? A towering inferno of physical perfection?
Leela: I hate to pop your blimp-like ego, but you're not perfect.
Bender: Am so!
Leela: Are not!
Bender: Is too!
Leela: Says who?
Bender, the best inspector a kid could want. The day I was built, he looked me over, probably with tears of pride in his eyes, and proclaimed to all the world, by means of this scrap of paper, that I was perfect and infallible in every way!
Farnsworth
Bender: Huh? Wasn't me. Must be some of that urine your all so proud of.
Fry That's not urine, it's oil.
Bender
Zoidberg Goodbye, friends!
Bender: What could have caused the leak? Excessive heat, on the count that I'm so hot?
Farnsworth: Alas, no. Oh, Bender, I'm afraid it's a symptom of a fatal defect.
Bender: Yeah, fatal schmatal. If I die I can just download my backup copy into a new, equally fabulous, body.
Farnsworth: That's just it! You can't. You were built without a backup unit.
Bender There's no backup copy of me?
Farnsworth: That's what I just said, you mortal coil.
Bender: So, if I die...
Farnsworth
Bender No!
Bender: I can't believe it! I'm gonna die.
Fry: How much time does he have left, Professor?
Farnsworth: Between a minute and a billion years.
Fry Well, at least you can plan accordingly.
Bender: Dying sucks butt! How do you living beings cope with mortality?
Leela: Violent outbursts.
Amy: General sluttiness.
Fry: Thanks to denial, I'm immortal.
Bender How could he bring me into this world knowing I gonna die?
Zoidberg: So you wish you were never born, maybe?
Bender: Yes, anything less than immortality is a complete waste of time!
Zoidberg: Then suicide it is. Step into my office. I'll give you a nice Kervorking.
Bender: Not until I hunt down Inspector 5 and beat an explanation out of him!
Leela, faceless bean counters who blend into the woodwork.
Hermes I beg to differ!
Bender: Stinking bureaucrats! I hate 'em.
Leela: Then again, you might be able to find Inspector 5 with the help of another seasoned bureaucrat.
Bender: Hermes, old pal!
Hermes: Old pal? 8.5 seconds ago, you said you hated me.
Bender: Time heals all wounds.
Hermes: You know what? I will help you, but only to prove I'm not just a paper-pushing file-jockey.
Amy: Will you be taking your portable filing cabinet?
Hermes: None of your beeswax!
Hermes A, B, C, D...
Leela Get out of my office!
Old man
Woman: Sorry. That's Building C.
Hermes: The Central Bureaucracy maintains records on all bureaucrats. We should be able to look up Inspector 5.
Man And the other potential entrant?
Hermes: Uh, he's my pencil sharpener.
Bender
Man
Hermes: I maintain a cubicle here for weekend getaways.
Bender: Wow! Until now, I thought giant cubes were exciting.
Bender: I did like the part where they screamed.
Hermes This is mine. Right next to the center square.
Center Square Guy
Hermes: Once I log in, I can access Inspector 5's profile.
Bender Damn it! It won't go on.
Hermes
Bender: Hooray! It won't go on!
Hermes
Computer: Identity confirmed. Also, you have a rectangular mass in your colon.
Hermes: That's a calculator. I ate it to gain its power.
Bender
Hermes Sweet File-not-found of Puget Sound! His record's been blanked!
Bender: Aw, man! How am I going to find some anonymous guy I don't know anything about?
Center Square Guy
Leela I'm a natural.
Hermes: The information we need will be here, in the physical files.
Bender It's on!
Hermes No! This is impossible! Quit blacking out and look at this. Inspectors 1, 2, 3, 4... 6. There's no trace of Inspector 5!
Bender: But 5's the one we want. Maybe if I kicked the asses of Inspector 2 plus Inspector 3...
Hermes: Addition never solve anything, man. Let's cut our losses and go home.
Bender
Hermes: Bender, no! Suicide isn't necessarily the answer!
Bender
Hermes
Mom: Who the hell is this? How did you get this number?
Bender? Cause I have a complaint about a defective robot. His name is me!
Mom
Bender Well, things are starting to look up.
Hermes Who did you call? Dial-a-bomb?
Bender: No, I just told the robot company I was defective.
Hermes: You dumb cocktail shaker! Mom won't allow a defective product to tarnish her good name! She'll kill you.
Bender
Mom That's what you get for calling tech support.
Bender
Hermes: Just a few more feet. We have to get to that pile of dead bears by 7:38.
Bender: A pile of dead bears can only mean one thing. But what?
Hermes
Bender: Aw, shoot!
Killbot
Bender!
Hermes: No, we're not! We just go to limbo!
Bender That'll do it. Ow! Ow! Ow!
Killbot 1: We're gonna get fired.
Killbot 2
Bender We did it!
Hermes: Twelve straight hours of limbo. I haven't done that since my honeymoon.
Bender: Hermes! Hermes! Remember that flock of bats?
Hermes: I sure do.
Bender: That was fun.
Bender: Where are we?
Hermes: I have no idea.
Bender See?
Mexican Man A rock has fallen here in the outskirts of Tijuana.
Bender: Is it within city limits?
Mexican Man: I think, yes.
Bender: Told you!
Hermes: Hey, you wanna celebrate our escape? Maybe grab a shot of tequila and take in a big-league cockfight?
Bender: Sure. No, wait. I was built in Tijuana. Maybe Inspector 5 still works there. He better do some splaining. Before I mash up some face guacamole.
Bender He's Mexican, I'm Mexican. Let me handle this.
Mexican border patrolman
Bender Ouch-o!
Hermes Here are our passports, visas, and Homeland Security permission slips, notarized and starched.
Mexican border patrolman Okay. I also would ¡ave accepted a bribe.
Bender
Bender: My birthplace. It's closed! There's not even a shrine to me. With a gift shop, selling piñatas of me!
Hermes: End of the line, man! Come on, we can still catch a twi-night double cockfight.
Bender: No wait! What's that in the Mexican garbage?
Hermes: Looks like a half-eaten cheese diaper.
Bender
Bender Where are you hiding, you coward? Get out here and get murdered like a man!
Hermes Bender, I'm afraid our search is at an end. He's obviously long gone.
Bender I'm gonna squeeze you out of there like Tijuana toothpaste.
Hermes Okay, Bender, you're mortal. And okay, Inspector 5 screwed up. But that just makes the time you have left all the more precious. Do you really want to waste the rest of your life in a bitter, homicidal rage?
Bender
Hermes Bender, which is something Inspector 5 will never be.
Bender Help, I'm gonna die! That's the opposite of what I want!
Hermes Quick, run out the back! I'll hack into Inspector 5's terminal and fake your death, so they'll call off the Killbots.
Bender Good luck, buddy!
Computer: Bender, terminated.
Hermes: Bender saved.
Killbot 2: Cease fire. Mom called off the attack, although I don't see how it's her–
Killbot 3: Someone said "howitzer!" Bender He did it! And he's not even looking back at that cool explosion! He's a hero!
Amy
Bender Ah. This place never changes.
Hermes: Leela! What in the name of Jah happened?
Leela: Too much papers! Not enough hiding plants!
Hermes: It's alright. This place just needs a one-hour bureaucratizing.
Leela You make it look so easy.
Hermes: I've smoked a lot of paperwork in my day.
Fry: Hey, Bender. Did you ever find that inspector guy you were looking for?
Bender
Hermes
Bender: Don't wake up Fry.
Bender: My roommate's sleeping.
Bender Now can we get some privacy?
Bender: Ah yeah, backing on up.
Bender Hambone. Okay, hambone break's over. Back to the bedroom.
Bender Hambone.
Bender: Wake up and feel the coffee.
Fry: Oh no! I'm late for work again!
Fry: Sorry, I'm late.
Bender: Well, well, well. Look who decided to show up.
Farnsworth: I've had it with your tardiness, Fry. I expect you to arrive the same time as everyone else.
Fry: Well, wait a second. Leela's not here yet.
Amy: She left a while ago. She said some idiot were taking her to lunch for her birthday.
Fry: Oh no! I'm late.
Elzar: Since you got stood up, I thought this might cheer you up a notch.
Leela: That's not necessary.
Elzar
It's Leela's birthday
Leela: Please stop.
Elzar: What a day for a birthday
Leela: I really would like you to stop singing.
Elzar: Let's all have some cake. You want to buy a slice of a birthday cake for 11.95?
Leela: Yes, please.
Fry: Ooh, nice cake. Sorry, I'm late.
Leela: Where have you—? Nah, it's fine.
Fry: You're not mad?
Leela Anyhow, I ate both our lunches. You ordered the Lobster Pilé. It wasn't cheap.
Elzar: Bam!
Fry: Please, let me make it up to you. I'll treat you to a fancy birthday dinner tonight at Cavern on the Green.
Leela: Wow. That'll be the nicest place I've ever been stood up.
Fry: Not this time. No matter what happens, I'll swear I be there.
Bender But tonight, he's having the girls gone wildest bachelor party of all time.
Fry ... cares? I'm having dinner with Leela.
Leela: Just go to your stupid party. We can have dinner on my birthday some other year.
Fry: No. I can throw up on a stripper anytime. Tonight, I wanna not throw up. On you.
Leela: Really?
Bender Hey, Professor, you're my wingman.
Farnsworth: Very well. Eh, Cubert, fetch my drinking teeth.
Fry: I just have to sign Leela's birthday card. How do you spell XO?
Amy: Guh. It's a record-your-own-message card. You don't sign it. You leave a nude video greeting.
Fry: Does it have to be nude?
Amy: I guess not. That never occurred to me.
Fry: If I leave now, record a birthday greeting on the way, score some fancy cologne at the newsstand, I'll be exactly on time!
Farnsworth: You're not going anywhere.
Fry: But I have a date.
Farnsworth Behold! A time travelling machine!
Bender: Time? I can't go back there.
Farnsworth: Ah, but this time machine only goes forward in time. That way you can't accidentally change history. Or do something disgusting like sleep with your own grandmother.
Fry: I wouldn't wanna do that again.
Farnsworth Get in.
Fry: Okay, hurry. Let's get it over with. I can record Leela's birthday card while we're in there.
Fry: Happy birthday, Leela. I'm really sorry I'm gonna be one minute late, 'cause we're testing the professor's dumb time machine.
Farnsworth: Okay. I'll just nudge us forward exactly one minute into the—
Fry: My card!
Fry: Did we go too far? What time is it?
Bender: The year ten thousand!
Farnsworth: Whoopsie.
Farnsworth: Oh dear. I mean, oh my.
Fry: The year ten thousand? But I promised Leela I'll be on time for dinner.
Farnsworth: Relax, Fry. Everyone we ever knew died thousands of years ago.
Bender: Everyone we ever knew? Nah, I never liked those guys.
Fry ... I don't know, is that a slug, maybe? Noooo!
Waiter These unique rock formations were created over millions of years by mineral rich water dripping from pores in the ceiling. Dripping and dripping. year on year, century after century.
Elzar: What day is today? Hey, aren't you the loser who got stood up on my other restaurant?
Leela: Just shut up and bring me two dinners.
Leela: Has anyone seen Fry's ass? It's late for a date with my boot.
Cubert: Fry's not here. Obviously he went to that pervert party with Bender and the professor.
Leela: Fry went to the party?
Linda ... of the disaster at Hedonism bot's bachelor party.
Morbo: Linda, what began as innocent fun ended in tragedy tonight when a nuclear powered robot stripper suffered a catastrophic reactor meltdown. There is only one survivor.
Hedonism bot: Everywhere I looked there were piles of bodies. And then the explosion struck.
Zoidberg: The three coworkers I liked... all dead!
Leela: Fry stood me up and died? I'm so angry. I mean, I'm so sad. But I'm still pretty angry. But also sad. Can I be both?
Hermes: It's what he'd want.
Leela: Then that's what I am! Hi-yah!
Bender: Man, the future is a total craphole. Whoever lives here is a crapface sack of crap. No offence, fellows.
Native #1: Don't sweat it, man.
Fry: I'll never see Leela again.
Farnsworth: No, without a backwards time machine we're stuck in this craphole.
Native #1: Dude, give it a rest.
Farnsworth: Hold on! I got it. We can't go back in time, but we can keep going forward until people invent the backwards time machine.
Fry: And then we can go home.
Bender: Hit it.
Song
Woah-wow
Old Hermes: Sometimes I can't believe how successful Planet Express became once the professor was killed and you seized control.
Old Leela: There were tough times. But we all pulled together.
Old Zoidberg: I've been crunching the numbers on our transgalactic strategy—
Old Leela: What are you doing here? I laid you off twenty years ago.
Old Zoidberg: Oh, the claws can't flee like they used to.
Old Leela: Success is nice, but I do kinda miss the old days.
Old Cubert: Hey, Leels.
Old Leela: Hi, Cubert.
Male inhabitant: May we help you, strange ones?
Bender: We are travellers from the past, my good runt.
Female inhabitant: I see, since your time, human evolution has diverged.
Male inhabitant: There are we; advanced in intellect and morality.
Female inhabitant: And the Dumblocks; stupid vicious brutes, who live underground.
Farnsworth: Advanced in intellect, you say? Have you invented a backwards time machine?
Female inhabitant: No, but if we apply our superior minds, we can perfect such a device within five years.
Farnsworth: See you then!
Bender: We're back for our time machine.
Farnsworth: Yuhoo, boys! What's this era in human history like?
Soldier #1: The... the machines, we built them to make our lives easier, but they rebelled. They won't stop until every human is dead.
Bender: This seems like a nice future. Let's just stay here. We can settle down on that mountain of skulls.
Bender: Hey! That place had a gorgeous view of Blood Lake.
Lady #1: Greetings, time travellers.
Bender: Stupid jerks wouldn't let me stay in the good future.
Fry: How do you know we're time travellers?
Lady #2: We too studied the time travel enigma.
Lady #3: We have perfected a method using negative mass neutrino fields that allow us to travel backwards in time.
Farnsworth: My name's Hubert.
Fry: All right! We can go home!
Bender: Nah-nah! We can go...
Lady #1 Tonight, please be the guests of honour at our fertility banquet.
Farnsworth: Well, there is certainly no harm in a fertility banquet.
Fry: I can eat. And fertilise.
Lady #1: Very well, let us anoint our guests in oil without using our hands.
Bender: Oh, so we can stay in the future you like? But not the future I like? Next!
Farnsworth: No! I was about to close the deal.
Fry: Bender, they had a backwards time machine.
Bender: The other place had a lot of good things too. Did you even see that mountain of skulls?
Farnsworth: Why you!
Bender: Oh no, you didn't.
Fry: Stop. Somewhere, some time, Leela's waiting for me. We need to keep looking for a backwards time machine.
Farnsworth: Fry is right.
Bender: Yes, we have to work together. Not have this fight which I was definitely winning.
Farnsworth: The year one billion.
Farnsworth In fact, all life is extinct.
Fry: So let's keeping going forward.
Farnsworth: Oh, it's no use. Earth is dead. This is the end of all things.
Fry: The Cavern on the Green.
Fry: I made it, Leela. Sorry, I'm a billion years late.
Old Leela: You'll get your alimony cheque, Cubert. Now get lost.
Old Cubert: Chill out, I'm just here to see Amy.
Old Amy: Move it, boy-toy. Granny's taking you to Atlantic City.
Old Hermes: I don't know why you ever married that pig-nose punk.
Old Leela How odd, it's one of those old record-your-own-message birthday cards.
Fry My card!
Old Leela: My whole life I've been mad at him. And it wasn't his fault.
Leela: Dear Fry, our time together was short, but it was the best time of my life.
Fry: You know, all in all, I had a good life. What you say the three of us grab a six pack and watch the universe end?
Farnsworth: Hear, hear!
Bender: That's basically what I do every day.
Fry: To the end of the universe.
Fry: So long, Earth. Thanks for the air and whatnot.
Fry: Hey, uh, what was the purpose of life anyway?
Farnsworth: Who knows? Probably some hogwash about the human spirit.
Bender: Mm-hm.
Fry: Sounds about right.
Farnsworth: The stars are receding. Oh, the vast emptiness.
Bender: Yeah, yeah, I can take a hint.
Farnsworth: Ah, the last proton should be decaying about now.
Fry: Bye, last proton.
Farnsworth ... here we are; the end of the universe.
Fry: Well, now what? You guys wanna talk?
Bender: No thanks.
Fry: Did anyone else see that?
Farnsworth My God, is it possible?
Fry: It must be possible. It's happening. By the way, what's happening?
Farnsworth Ladies and gentlemen, the moon.
Fry: Look. The first fish to crawl up on land.
Bender: It was coming right at us.
Bender: You saw it.
Fry: I'm gonna grab another beer.
Bender: Fry, Fry, you're missing the dinosaurs.
Fry Where'd they go?
Bender: Now what's going on there?
Fry: History.
Farnsworth: Hang on, I just want to make one stop.
Hitler: Betrachten Sie meinen Schnurrbart.
Farnsworth: Easy. Easy. Taking her in for a landing.
Farnsworth Six months.
Fry: I'm almost there, Leela.
Farnsworth Thirty seconds and here we—
Fry: Stop!
Bender: Give me the keys, Magoo.
Farnsworth: We'll have to bring her around again.
Farnsworth Careful.
New Farnsworth Get in.
New Fry: Okay, hurry, let's get it over with.
New Farnsworth: But, err, wha–?
Farnsworth: Oh uh.
Farnsworth: This new universe is about ten feet lower than our old one.
Farnsworth: Pow. We took care of the time travel paradox.
Fry: All right!
Bender: Yabba dabba doo.
Fry: Oh uh, I'm late for dinner with Leela.
Waiter: Welcome to Cavern on the Green. May I offer you some meatloaf while you wait?
Fry: Sorry, I'm late.
Leela: Actually, you're on time.
Fry: Really?
Leela: I have to admit, I was afraid you wouldn't make it.
Fry: That was the old Fry. He's dead now.
Fry: Happy birthday, Leela. I got you a card, but I guess I kinda lost it.
Leela: That's okay. I don't really like cards. What I'll remember is our time together.
Leela
Amy.
Prof. Farnsworth: Nice.
Amy Leela, I am collecting data. Can't you dump that somewhere else?
Leela.
Amy tomorrow and I've barely had time to prepare.
Farnsworth: Nonsense. You've been my grad student for twelve years. You were ready six years ago.
Amy: What?
Farnsworth: I probably should have told you. Anyway, the important thing is to be relaxed tomorrow.
Amy: Are you sure?
Farnsworth. Wear a T-shirt and eat a fish stick. Go!
Kif
Amy: Hmmm. I guess I'm still kinda nervous.
Leela
Fry
Bender
Leela
Nibbler Leela, it's time you and I had a talk.
Leela: A talk? You can't break up with me. You're my pet!
Nibbler: As much as I enjoy being the object of your misplaced affections, I am also a highly sophisticated being who longs for intelligent conversation.
Leela: Aw, is shnookums not feeling schtimuwated?
Nibbler: An understatement, to say the least. It's time you treated me with respect.
Leela: If you want to be treated like a fellow crew member, fine, but no more purse rides, and no more dressing you up in your cute little sailor suit.
Nibbler: I keep telling you, that's my real naval uniform.
Kif: Your place or mine?
Amy
Hedonism Bot
Amy: I thought I set you for 7:15!
Alarm Clock: Sorry, I hooked up with Bender last night. Dude was all over my snooze button.
Amy Eww! Kif, did you yack on the floor?
Kif Yes, I did.
Morris Katz You're late, Miss Wong.
Amy
Farnsworth
Katz.
Farsnworth: Wernstrom!
Katz.
Tate.
Katz.
Shpeekenshpell says... Moo.
Farnsworth He proved that 50 years ago, and he's been coasting on it ever since.
Katz, and you are wasting my time. Proceed.
Amy: Imagine, if you will...
Katz: Oh, God!
Amy.
Wermstrom Young lady, have you been drinking?
Amy is the whole world.
Tate To many young men in the inner city, it is.
Amy
Farnsworth: Yes, tapping the Earth's ener-kerchoo. Go on.
Amy to cats. Professor Katz, would you mind.
Katz: Miss Wong, I mind everything.
Amy Sorry.
Katz: Enough. The committee members will now vote yea or nay. Nay.
Wernstrom: Nay.
Tate: Hell nay.
Shpeekenshpell
Fry
Nibbler: Now that I'm a full and equal member of the crew, I pledge my loyalty, my perspicacity, and, dare I say it, my friendship.
Hermes Hey, look, a kitty cat.
Amy.
Hermes
Farnsworth
Fry: Over here. I wanna hold him.
Bender: Aw! Its anus looks like an asterisk.
Leela
Nibbler in that uniform. I hate that cat!
Amy: If I had a spray bottle, I'd give him such a spritzing.
Nibbler
Amy
Nibbler Powder, please.
Amy: Here's my new theory. That is one adorable cat.
Nibbler
Leela
Amy The cat is evil! We have proof!
Nibbler: It was summoning a saucer!
Farnsworth
Nibbler: You fool, this isn't about the cream.
Bender
Zoidberg
Fry: Just stwoke its fwffy fur.
Hermes: Scwatch its fwubby chin.
Bender: Fweeble its fwooby pwow.
Amy
Nibbler?
Amy
Bender: Where do you think you're going, no-cat?
Amy table on.
Bender
Nibbler: Can you at least tell us what's going on down there?
Farnsworth
Amy: Professor Katz's last name is Katz. Do you think he has something to do with these cats?
Nibbler
Amy
Nibbler
Amy: He's dead!
Nibbler What the... He isn't dead. He's one of those dog-operated puppets that's been adapted for use by a cat!
Amy Bad kitty!
Amy Uh-oh.
Nibbler
Thubanian Leader: Well, look what the me dragged in.
Nibbler: You can talk!
Thubanian Leader: You can talk?
Nibbler: How ironic. Two hyper-intelligent beings both pretending to be simple house pets!
Thubanian Leader? He pretends to be a hamster, but...
Amy: Yeah, that's really great. Could you please tell us what's going on?
Thubanian Leader
Nibbler: Earth!
Thubanian Leader
Amy!
Thubanian Leader But the technology to save our planet was lost. Lost, that is, until I heard you speak at Mars University.
Amy: So you called my thesis a fat sack of barf, and then you stole it?
Thubanian Leader: Welcome to Academia.
Nibbler: He intends to siphon off Earth's rotational energy!
Amy: Earth will come to a stop, and...
Thubanian Leader. We just got that commercial last year.
Amy
Thubanian Leader: Quite.
Nibbler to trigger the process.
Thubanian Leader: Ever had a cat rub up against you?
Nibbler: If you're propositioning me, I'm not interested.
Thubanian Leader: I'm talking about the charge generated when 50,000 felines rub against a single surface. Professor?
Thubanian Leader
Thubanian Leader
Nibbler
Leela
Thubanian Leader: Mr. Winkles, Smudge-Smudge. Quick, dance with each other.
Nibbler Damn, they are good.
Thubanian Leader: We're coming to a full stop. All cats, to your posts!
Calculon
Calculon: Cut! That extra looked at the camera. We'll have to do it again.
Thubanian Leader
Thubanian
Hermes
Bender?
Nibbler: You were all under the spell of those obnoxious space cats.
Thubanian Leader
Farnsworth
Hermes: It won't turn. Push harder, Bender!
Bender: I can't. You should have called my cousin, Turner.
Amy: It's hopeless. Even in theory the device can only apply force in one direction.
Fry: Can someone open a window? It's getting a little warm in here.
Bender Is that better?
Amy, it's hot! Why'd I have to invent that awful device?
Farnsworth.
Amy That's it! Pushing forward! Professor, I know how to restart the Earth.
Farnsworth That's it. I'll assemble your committee!
Amy Earth would start turning again.
Wernstrom
Amy: So?
Tate let's get this globe trotting.
Amy It's working! Just a little faster!
Zoidberg here!
Amy
Thubanian Leader
Farnsworth: And though the world is now spinning in the wrong direction, it's good enough. Well done, Amy.
Wernstrom.
Tate: Also, some kind of sportsmanship award I had in my glove compartment.
Amy: Yay! I'm finally done with school. How's the job market?
Shpeekenshpell Ruff!
Farnsworth: Congratulations, Dr. Wong!
Kif: Congratulations.
Nibbler Permission to come aboard?
Leela
Farnsworth: You've got a bright future, Amy. As sure as the Sun sets in the east.
Hermes
Prof. Farnsworth?
Cubert flyers.
Farnsworth.
Leela?
Farnsworth: Yes. The science mobile!
Leela: It's just that you've never called it that before, but okay.
Woman: I don't understand evolution, and I have to protect my kids from understanding it! We will not give in to the thinkers!
Farnsworth trucks and go home!
Hydroponic farmer That is an insultingly accurate stereotype, sir!
Farnsworth: As a professor of science, I assure you that we did, in fact, evolve from filthy monkey-men.
Dr. Banjo. Hard-working, patriotic orangutans.
Farnsworth: Dr. Banjo?
Dr. Banjo.
Flying Spaghetti Monster?
Farnsworth: Yes!
Banjo. All life was created in its present form seven thousand years ago, by a fantastical creature from outer space!
Farnsworth: Bunk!
Banjo?
Farnsworth!
Banjo
Farnsworth!
Banjo.
Farnsworth!
Banjo
Farnsworth: Okay, granted, that one missing link is still missing, but just because we haven't found it doesn't mean it doesn't exist!
Banjo Things don't exist simply because you believe in them. Thus sayeth the Almighty Creature in the Sky!
Farnsworth-swilling, poop-slinger! We just need to find that last missing link.
Leela
Farnsworth
Hermes.
Fry: Did you find something, Hermes?
Hermes
Amy: I hate chiseling right after a manicure. Oh! Darn it! I broke off one of my fingers!
Zoidberg What, too soon?
Cubert has access to neckwear.
Zoidberg: I knew I should have gone with the ring-around-the-collar joke.
Bender
Farnsworth: That's a bedspring, you dumb bedspring! There are no robot fossils!
Bender: What? Who says I didn't evolve?
Farnsworth: Everybody! Robots were created quite recently. It was in all the papers.
Bender
Farnsworth It's the elusive missing missing link! This will show Banjo, once and for all!
Fry What the...
Amy
Bender Hmm, my tux doesn't fit. Probably because I've grown so much since I last wore it, or evolved, one might say.
Farnsworth say that! Your tux doesn't fit because you stole it from a boy!
Bender.
Ben Beeler
Zoidberg He's good.
Beeler
Farnsworth: Once again, science saves the day. The end.
Beeler: And now, to discuss the scientific implications of this discovery, our new museum curator, Dr. Banjo!
Banjo frolicking with dinosaurs at the moment of creation.
Farnsworth: I don't want to live on this planet anymore.
Farnsworth over there.
Leela: Wow, this planetoid is completely lifeless.
Farnsworth: Not lifeless enough! Set up my shack so that I can kick you out of it!
Fry.
Farnsworth
Fry: What's in the tube?
Farnsworth They're tiny robots I designed to eat up nasty irritants.
Fry: Speaking of nasty irritants, what's going to become of Cubert?
Farnsworth: Who? Oh, my son. Don't worry, he's been safely abandoned with his godfather.
Zoidberg and boiled them up for lunch.
Cubert: Why don't you just go to Hell!
Zoidberg: Wait! We still have to discuss the facts of life. What are they?
Hermes. Now can we have our pizza?
Farnsworth as my milkman-trusting father. But what's this? The Nanobots have gotten more complex.
Bender: What's that you say? Those robots have evolved all by themselves, you say?
Farnsworth: It wasn't by themselves! I put them there. I'm a genius. Get over it!
Amy
Farnsworth!
Leela: Oh, no! My sunglasses were in there!
Hermes
Amy
Leela: Does anyone have a lighter?
Bender
Leela: Okay, we've got shelter and just enough precious food to ward off starvation.
Hermes
Amy?
Hermes
Zoidberg This is Father-Man. He fights crime to earn Son-Boy's respect. Is it working?
Cubert? I could make a better mural with my butt!
Zoidberg
Hermes: Nothing like a cave for a good night's sleep. So what do we have to eat that's not poisoned with pineapple?
Farnsworth
Leela Go! Go! Hit anything that moves!
Fry: Whoa.
Bender: Wow.
Amy: A whole forest grew overnight.
Farnsworth All these trees are robotic. I can't believe how quickly they sprung up.
Bender: I can. Robots do everything faster. Including evolving and believing how quickly things spring up.
Leela
Fry Help! Police!
Leela
Fry
Amy: Look out for the next thing!
Farnsworth: Great Scott, a Tricycle-tops!
Fry This is a cool way to die!
Cubert
Zoidberg: Go on.
Cubert: It's just that I get bullied a lot. I guess I kinda make fun of people as a defense mechanism.
Brett Blob
Cubert? She's coming over for a sex visit.
Zoidberg
Brett The pee-babies peed themselves. I'm off to pottery class, dorkwads.
Zoidberg: And that's that.
Cubert.
Zoidberg with a footprint on it.
Fry Ah! Don't eat my butt!
Leela on my balcony, we've got our work cut out for us.
Farnsworth!
Amy happened?
Farnsworth that while harmless to organic life, short-circuited the robo-dinosaurs.
Leela.
Farnsworth-like robots cowering in caves could survive such a catastrophe.
Bender.
Farnsworth: Wait a moment. If we could scavenge the right parts from these robo-dinos, I might be able to construct a rudimentary spaceship to get us off this planet!
Farnsworth Now let's go... to sleep. It's solar powered, so we can't take off until sunrise.
Bender
Fry
Hermes: Sweet robot swan of Botswana!
Bender: Looks like the fittest did a little surviving last night, huh?
Farnsworth: Whatever.
Fry
Hermes: Those robo-cavemen have kidnapped our human regular-women!
Fry
Farnsworth
Amy: I think they want wives, so just play along. If it doesn't work out, we'll still get half their rocks.
Leela: I can earn my own rocks! Also, I don't want any rocks!
Farnsworth: Well, it took almost twelve hours, but it's finished.
Hermes
Fry: What's going on? How did we save you?
Amy: It was the weirdest thing. We went to sleep, and when we woke up, our cave husbands were gone.
Leela: I'm gonna miss Spencer.
Dr. Widnar
Fry Nice net.
Widnar: You... you can speak?
Hermes: Dread my locks! A fully-evolved robot human.
Widnar: I'm Dr. Widnar, a naturalist.
Bender: And I'm Bender, baby. My human slaves and I come from a planet where organic life and robotic life evolved side by side.
Farnsworth: Oh, shut up!
Widnar I've theorized that carbon-based, fat-filled life could exist, but until today, I never had any proof.
Leela
Widnar.
Farnsworth: Thank you. I must say, I'm so proud to see what you've blossomed into since I first created your ancestors.
Widnar: What?
Farnsworth: I thought you knew. You all evolved from some filth-gobbling Nanobots I designed. I dumped them in one of your ponds a few days ago.
Widnar: But this is Creationist talk!
Robot Farnsworth: He speaks lies! The Earth was created in eons not days.
Farnsworth
Widnar
Robo-Police: You're under arrest for crimes against science.
Farnsworth No! Could you drag me by the restroom?
Robot: Go back to Roboklahoma!
Superior Gort Judge, the alleged creationist faces a sentence of death by melting. Who is representing the accused?
Leela: I am...
Bender
Farnsworth: Bender, what the Hell are you doing?
Bender Ladytrons and gentlebots...
Superior Gort Prosecutor: Objection. In the absence of pants, defense's suspenders serve no purpose.
Superior Gort Judge: I'm going to allow them, for now.
Bender
Farnsworth: Objection, I'm not crazy! I created you all and I came here in a homemade spaceship and lived in a cave. If you don't believe me, ask my uncle.
Superior Gort Judge: Prosecutor, your opening statement?
 Superior Gort Prosecutor  The prosecution rests, your Honor.
Superior Gort Judge: Very well, we will reconvene when the jury reaches a verdict.
Bender Son, you in a whole mess of trouble.
Superior Gort Judge: Has the jury reached a verdict?
Robotic gas forms
Bender That'll be $10,000.
Banjo: Well, digital photographs don't lie. I admit that what you witnessed may have been some form of evolution.
Farnsworth: I'm glad you agree, Dr. Banjo.
Banjo: Evolution set into motion by a wise and all-knowing Creator. You.
Farnsworth Well I don't know about all-knowing. And I admit it's possible, however unlikely, that some wise and all-knowing alien monster set evolution in motion here on Earth.
Bender: And the Creator could also be a robot.
Farnsworth: Then who built this so-called Creator-robot?
Banjo
Bender: I guess that would be stupid. Never mind.
Farnsworth: Then it's settled. Finally, a world in which I'm happy to raise my son!
Zoidberg: Good, cause I'm sick of him!
Zoidberg I'm serious. He's a terrible person.
Linda: Tonight, at 11:00.
Morbo: Doom!
Leela, is my colossal eye too big?
Fry: No, it's what makes you you.
Leela: But it's so round, so hideously round.
Fry: Leela, listen. You're the most beautiful woman I've ever known.
Leela: Oh. So you only care about my looks?
Fry: No, I.... What?
Linda.
Nikolai I'm just a humble emperor, with a big, big crown!
Bender Of course I'm not planning to steal that crown!
Leela: What?
Bender, and then forever. But heisting those jewels would be difficult.
Leela: You'd be stupid to try.
Bender: I'll need accomplices. A sexy vamp to distract and tie up the guard.
Amy
Bender: A claw man to slip past the metal detector and cut the alarm wires.
Zoidberg
Bender: And finally, a chump, to be caught on video and later arrested.
Fry: As I told you on Sucker-Punch Day, I'm through being a chump.
Bender
Farnsworth.
Amy: Good, I'm sick of cleaning up those heaps of dead monkeys. But why would you want your mind in a new body?
Farnsworth: Well, as a man enters his 18th decade, he thinks back on the mistakes he's made in life.
Amy: Like the heaps of dead monkeys?
Farnsworth: Science cannot move forward without heaps! No, what I regret is the youth I wasted playing it safe.
Amy: I wasted my youth porking out.
Farnsworth
Amy: Would you please take that down? It's making me hungry.
Farnsworth Wait a second, if we switch bodies, I could live life to the extreme, and you could indulge your demonic food lust.
Amy Wait, can I still change my mind?
Farnsworth
Amy
Farnsworth I'm sorry, Amy, but your body is not up to the task. Also, I don't care for these boobs flapping every which way. Now quit your bologna-gargling and let's switch back to our original bodies.
Bender: Body switcher, eh? Mayhap the heist is back on. Who needs accomplices, if I can just use their bodies.
Amy Professor, what's not happening?
Farnsworth I failed to take into account the cerebral immune response.
Amy You idiot!
Farnsworth However, perhaps they can. Maybe we can swap back using a third body for temporary storage space.
Bender
Farnsworth
Bender
Amy See ya!
Farnsworth: Now then, Amy, we'll simply switch bodies, and then we'll... we'll... No, I'd be back in my body, but then you and Bender would be switched. And the Amy and Bender bodies can't trade minds again, since they just did.
Amy Oh no! Is it possible to get everyone back to normal using four or more bodies?
Farnsworth
Bender Four seconds?
Basil: Who goes there?
Bender
Basil
Bender I said, "Wow chica wow wow".
Leela: Professor, what's the matter.
Amy I'm Amy. The Professor and I switched bodies.
Leela: Oh, lord.
Amy All I wanted was to gorge myself a little, but I can't digest anything with these false teeth and this hit-or-miss colon.
Leela.
Amy If you want to save $2, we could switch bodies.
Leela
Fry: Hey, Leela. Mmm. What smells saturated?
Amy.
Fry: Woah. That sounds like something Amy would say and eat.
Amy
Fry
Leela Aha! You do only like me for my body.
Fry: That is entirely not true, sir!
Bender Uh, could you come back when my chump gets here?
Nikolai: Now then, what is a filthy human doing aboard my royal yacht?
Bender With all due respect, Your Majesty, I'm a robot like you. I just switch bodies with some bimbo. Go ahead, ask me something only a robot would know.
Nikolai, eh? Very good. What is the square root of nine?
Bender
Basil: He steps forwards but moves backwards.
Nikolai: By the gods! he is a machine!
Farnsworth No, that won't restore everyone, either. Besides, I don't want my decrepit old body back! I'm running away with this invincible robot body and joining something!
Fishy Joe: I paid for 15 Robot Clowns per cubic meter of car, and you're barely giving me 12. Now crumple up and get in... And fasten your seat belts.
Robot Clown: Oh, come on!
Farnsworth Good day. I am Nonchalanto, the robot daredevil. And my dream is to risk my life in strange and original ways.
Fishy Joe: Hmm. You don't look so foolhardy to me.
Fishy Joe
Nikolai with a human peasant roommate?
Bender Oh, crap, that is what I am!
Nikolai.
Princess Flavia: Hello.
Nikolai physicist.
Flavia
Nikolai: Oh, to escape this gilded cage for a day.
Bender Or more. Much more.
Nikolai: In that horrible non-robot body. Sir, I have my standards.
Bender Ah, but what if I could put you in my fabulous bending-robot body?
Nikolai tomorrow. Can I trust you to do it?
Bender You can trust anything.
Fry; So now Leela's all crotchety because she thinks I'm not attracted to her in the Professor's body.
Hermes: You aren't, are you?
Fry: Of course not! But I was willing to lie about it. What more can a man do?
Hermes: A man can give her a toke of her own medicine.
Fry: Yes! I can put my mind in a hideous body and show Leela she's not attracted to me. But it would have to be a really, really disgusting body.
Zoidberg
Hermes: The long search is over.
Bender Wait here and earn interest while I find my robot body.
Bender Professor?
Leela Leela. Amy?
Bender Bender. Have you seen my body? I think the Professor's in it.
Leela Yeah, he said something about running away. Then he ran away.
Bender What? Wither?
Bender What am I gonna do? I got an emperor all patsied up to switch bodies, but only with another robot!
Wash bucket: Wash bucket full.
Scruffy
Bender
Bender Now to find Emperor Von Richendoof.
Wash bucket
Zoidberg
Fry
Nikolai: If you're a bender, why is your body full of fetid water?
Bender
Bender Well, so long.
Nikolai Wait! Point me to my normal human roommate!
Bender Got to go!
Zoidberg Robot?
Nikolai Yes, 'tis I, Bender. Do you not recognize your own best friend?
Zoidberg
Leela But then Nicolas Cage discovered that the real treasure was his family. Yes, I'll hold.
Fry Hey, Leela, look! I'm in Zoidberg.
Leela Fry?
Fry
Leela Amy, stop it! Fry, help! She's turning me into a parade float!
Fry
Leela Oh. So you're so shallow that my body disgusts you if it puts on a little extra weight?
Fry That wasn't a little extra weight.
Leela Admit it! You don't care about the inner me at all!
Fry No, you admit it! You'd be ashamed to be seen in public with someone as hideous as me!
Leela Would not!
Fry tonight.
Leela It's on.
Hermes look like Normal Albert!
Amy I don't know what to do. Do you think I should eat more butter?
Hermes: I am putting a stop to this, right now! Come on! We're switching bodies.
Amy Hermes, no! I'll ruin your body, too!
Hermes: Three decades of the munchies beat you to it.
Big Bertha You remind me of myself as a young cannon.
Chainsaw-Eating Robot. She shoots robots through the air.
Bertha.
Farnsworth I've always wanted to be shot out of something. How about a quick blast after lunch.
Bertha: Alas, a fine big one like you would shatter my barrel. But, ah, to amaze the crowd once more.
Farnsworth I understand the problem of age, but suppose I could put you into a new body?
Bertha
Bender Ah! I have everything I every wanted. Money, wealth, riches. Yet something's missing. A hot princess with which to get(?) grizzly.
Flavia Hello.
Bender Huh? Hey, what's going on here? And why are you kissing my dashing cousin instead of me?
Flavia: Nikolai, you imperial fool! We've been having an affair for 700 years.
Basil
Flavia: Farewell, Nikolai.
Bender
Basil
Fry
Leela Ew!
Fry I'm sorry, Leela. I hope that didn't make you ashamed to be seen with me.
Leela
Fry Ew!
Leela Oh, did my bodily infirmity embarrass you?
Fry Not at all. It's just another thing that makes you a very special lady.
Leela Eh!
Fry Admit it! You're disgusted by me!
Leela No, you're disgusted by me!
Fry I'm as attracted to you as I've ever been!
Leela
Zoidberg A floor? We live like kings?
Nikolai from our brandy storeroom that you know how to find.
Zoidberg
Nikolai
Robot: There you are, Emperor Nikolai. It's time for your speech to the UN.
Bender
Scruffy: Miss Wong?
Wash bucket
Scruffy: It's wrong, wash bucket. Oh, it would be sweet for a while, but in the back of our minds, we'd know that I'm a man and you're janitorial equipment.
Wash bucket  In another city, we could be anyone we want!
Scruffy: Go. Go now, before I beg you to stay.
Scruffy: Yep.
Nixon: Please welcome an insane dictator, and one heck of a bowler, Emperor Nikolai!
Bender Thanks, Nixon. How we doing?
Woman: I love you, Your Majesty.
Bender
Basil I shall enjoy this.
Bender Not me.
Chainsaw-Eating Robot: That devil, Basil, will kill our emperor.
Farnsworth You're Robo-Hungarian?
Robot Carny: Yes. Our nation's chief export is carnies.
Farnsworth If only there was some way I could get to the UN to help.
Bertha: There is. Get in, Nonchalanto.
Chainsaw-Eating Robot: Bertha, no! It would kill you!
Bertha: I have not so much time left anyhow.
Farnsworth But you could get a new body! You could have a rich, full life!
Bertha
Bender Me! Thank God you've come!
Farnsworth That is not what I meant to give you for Big Bertha.
Leela That was nice.
Fry
Nixon
Basil I like killing brave things.
Farnsworth
Boy: When I grow up, I wanna be a diplomat!
Bender
Nikolai I shall sell it to help the common folk, now that I understand their misery.
Bender Yeah, good luck with that.
Leela I must say, Hermes, you've got a smoking-hot body.
Hermes
Leela Wow! How did you do it.
Amy Forever.
Sweet Clyde Q to the E to the D!
Farnsworth So it is possible us all to get back to our original bodies?
Bubblegum: Stone-cold munching, Prof. Sweet Clyde, characterize your inversion theorem.
Sweet Clyde
Farnsworth And they say pure math has no real-world applications!
Sweet Clyde
Farnsworth’s highest academic honor for this.
Nikolai So long filthy commoners.
Bender ...his compartment!
Bender All right. I'll need accomplices.
The Scary Announcer: You're taking a vacation from normalcy, the setting: a weird motel where the bed is stained with mystery, and there's also some mystery floating in the pool. Your key card may not open the exercise room because someone smeared mystery on the lock. But it will open the Scary Door.
Announcer consideration, a popular Senator with unpopular ideas.
Senator: There's no such thing as space aliens!
Man: Oh? How can you be so sure them aliens ain't already among us?
Senator: I'll tell you how! Because you ARE ONE!!!
Lrrr just needed a field goal to tie!
Ndnd: Lrrr, you lazy ruler of the planet Omicron Persei 8! You said you would conquer a planet today, but you have not even shed your skin yet!
Lrrr: Yes, Ndnd. I heard you the first hundred times. I'll conquer something tomorrow after I fuel up on your disgusting egg-white omelets.
Ndnd
Fry
Invader X: Ha ha ha! I am conquering Erth.
Leelis Lane!
Delivery-Boy Man
Leelis Lane
Invader X: Stop it, you hero!
Delivery-Boy Man: Reverse-time power!
Delivery-Boy Man
Fry: So? What do you think of my comic?
Bender.
Leela: If I may offer some constructive criticism, there was never any real peril. I mean, the delivery guy has, like, 30 superpowers.
Fry!
Zoidberg: This is wonderful!
Fry: It is, isn't it? Wait, those are the ads.
Zoidberg: These X-ray specs will really take the guesswork out of surgery. No more chopping blindly in the goop.
Prof. Farnsworth: Don't waste your allowance, Zoidberg. This stuff is butt-grade crap.
Paper-hatted salesman: Amuse your friends with real vomit!
Man #1: Throw your voice!
Woman: Sea monkeys!
Man #2: Throw your sea monkeys!
Farnsworth: My disintegrator ray really works!
Amy: But that's you.
Farnsworth Worthless toy.
Fry: I'm sick of being critiqued by nitpicking nerds. I'm taking this to a comic book convention!
Amy, it's crowded!
Bender: Good thing everyone is freshly bathed and groomed.
Nerd
Action Figure: Don't tell me how to do the line. It sickens me.
Zoidberg: But the sign said there was a mint in the box.
Groening: Thank you so... Okay, thanks... Thanks so... Settle down!
Groening for our new TV series.
Cohen!
Groening has really streamlined the process.
Bill Morrison Robot. Yes? The robot standing on the small child over there?
Bender D'oh!
Fry: Mr. Aragonés, I'm a big fan of your cartoons and your mustache.
Aragonés: You want it? Take it. It's brought me nothing but misery.
Fry If you could just quiet down, I wanted to get your opinion of my comic book.
Aragonés Mmm. It stinks. But, um, I do like the tiny doodles in the margins.
Fry: Oh, that's just some relish from a hot dog I found.
Man: Attention, ladies and gentleboys, the costume contest is about to begin.
Bender
Leela: What the hell are you supposed to be?
Bender Every nerd's fantasy, baby.
Randy Contestant 36, everyone. Next up, contestant 37...
Lrrr I am Lrrr, ruler of the planet...
Randy
Lrrr
Grrrl Damn, that's a good costume.
Randy Next up contestant 38!
Lrrr: I don't understand. Why are the human still eating their soft pretzels instead of surrendering?
Leela.
Lrrr:: Joss Whedon's here? Wait a minute, you look familiar.
Leela: Yeah, you almost ate me once. I was in your mouth for five minutes.
Lrrr: Leela?
Randy
Bender: Wooh, I've got fruit boobs!
Lrrr: What's the use?
Lrrr: Now what?
Ndnd
Lrrr: I thought you'd like it. You haven't even tried it on.
Ndnd: I might dress up in a face if you ever took me anywhere nice!
Lrrr: Oh, boy, here we go. I built this castle with my own two slaves. What are you gonna to do, kick me out?
Lrrr: I am Lrrr, ruler of the planet Omicron Persei 8. May I crash on your couch?
Farnsworth: So he just showed up unannounced, raided the liquor cabinet, sprayed urine on the ceiling and passed out?
Amy: And the walls.
Lrrr: Leave me alone. My wife hates me and planetary conquest has become a chore.
Farnsworth.
Lrrr Lrrr demands the comfort of pop-psychological platitudes.
Bender
Leela But in the long-tern, you need to reinvest in your relationship with Ndnd.
Lrrr: Yes, it's clear what I must do.
Lrrr: I like it.
Surgeon
Lrrr: Horns are a sign of virility. Also, they house my testes.
Surgeon: I'm thinking horn extension.
Bender: You'll need some arm candy. It's the perfect accessory for out-of-shape, middle-aged creeps like you. Yeah, I said it! What's your time, Borgnine?
Lrrr
Bender.
Lrrr
Grrrl: Hey, cool cape. Were'd you get it?
Lrrr. My name's Lrrr, ruler of the planet Omicron Persei 8.
Grrrl: I am called Grrrl.
Lrrr: Of the planet Omicron Persei 8? That is a pretty name.
Lrrr: What's on the TV tonight? Oh, wait! I don't care, because I've got a date!
Leela: I know it's not what you want to hear, but I think this is a mistake.
Fry: Leela's right. That's not what you want to hear. What you want to hear is that I fixed my comic book. Now the hero is more reliable because he has no more ridiculous powers.
Lrrr: Let's watch, shall we.
Invader X: One more step and little Miss Constructive Criticism here gets it!
Delivery-Boy Man: Oh, yeah? I may be just a simple delivery boy with no superpowers, so there's nothing I can do.
Invader X
Fry: So? Give me your honest praise.
Leela: Fry, I've now seen two comic books, so listen to me. Why should I care about the hero when all he does is cry?
Lrrr: Hmm. That dinner was a worthy foe.
Grrrl
Lrrr: Um, I'm sorry. I haven't done this for a while. I just got partway out of a bad relationship.
Grrrl
Lrrr You're a human?
Grrrl Wait, you're an actual Omicronian?
Lrrr: Oh, God. Oh God, what have I done?
Grrrl
Lrrr I want to go home! But Ndnd would never take me back now.
Leela: Ndnd just wants what every she-beast wants, to feel like you're listening to her nagging. Is there anything she has been riding your ass about?
Lrrr: Conquering things, I guess. I could conquer Earth, kill all humans.
Bender: There's a thought.
Leela: No! We don't need a war of the worlds.
Fry
Bender: Dork calling Orson! Dork calling Orson!
Welles merely to deceive and impress the wife of this skinny reptile?
Fry: Sorry. Never mind.
Welles: I do it for free.
Welles
Welles and their orchestra to bring you a special bulletin.
Welles It's just foolish on its face.
Fry: If you want the cheese log, you'll read what I wrote.
Welles: Very well. I shall comply.
Welles
Lrrr with them for my amusement.
Ndnd: Ooh! I could swear his horns have gotten longer!
Kif: Sir, I've intercepted an Earth broadcast.
Zapp
Welles.
Zapp: To hell with Little Orphan Annie! We've got to do something.
Lrrr
Welles: I'm sorry I've been so difficult.
Zapp
Welles: Damn, I'm good. Now, may I please have that cheese log?
Zapp How 'bout this?
Kif Hey!
Lrrr
Leela: Come on, Lrrr. Show's over.
Lrrr Funny story.
Ndnd: Hello, Lrrr.
Leela: Lrrr! Put a stop to this right now!
Lrrr: Okay, okay. Quit nagging!
Ndnd: Lrrr, why are you yelling softly with the purple-furred one?
Lrrr
Leela: He messed up my hair.
Kif.
Zapp: We fought like Hell, sir, but in the end, we caved like a house of soufflé cards.
Nixon.
Ndnd
Leela: You've got to tell her the truth. And lay off the salted peanuts!
Lrrr: I'm just trying to get the leg taste out of my mouth.
Ndnd: Lrrr, I'm in here now, not out there!
Lrrr Coming, giangantums!
Ndnd Mmm. That's crisp.
Lrrr: Yes, but no more so than your squamous dorsal plates in the moonlight.
Ndnd
Lrrr: Ndnd, there's something that I've got to tell you.
Ndnd
Lrrr: What? No, no, it's about this takeover of Earth. It's... It's...
Ndnd: The spark that reignited our marriage?
Lrrr
Leela: Oh, lord! Now what?
Lrrr
Leela: Look, you scaly crybaby, you'll do what I say and do it now!
Ndnd: I knew it!
Bender Frying pans! Cast-iron frying pans!
Lrrr: It's not what it looks like! What do I do?
Leela: Do what I say. Tell her!
Ndnd
Lrrr: The invasion was all a fake. I just wanted to impress you.
Ndnd: You lied? What else have you been hiding from me?
Lrrr: What else? Nothing else.
Grrrl: I still want you, Lrrr, and I'm willing to fight for you.
Bender: All I've got left is a colander and a pie pan.
Ndnd: Lrrr?
Lrrr: Look, we only had one date. I barely mated with her.
Ndnd What I want to know is what is up between you and Bossy Boots here.
Lrrr: Her? She's just a bossy friend.
Ndnd!
Fry: Rrrmrrrmrrrfrrrmrrr or what?
Ndnd: Let the ritual begin. The rules are the same as in the home version. Lrrr must simply choose between myself and Leela...
Leela: Fine. Hurry up.
Ndnd: By shooting the one he rejects.
Leela: Lrrr, I'm getting angry. Don't you go through with this.
Ndnd
Fry
Lrrr I do not want to shoot anybody.
Ndnd: You never want to do anything!
Lrrr: Oh, nag, nag, nag.
Ndnd: You want me to stop nagging? Then shoot me!
Lrrr: Oh, you'd like that, wouldn't you?
Ndnd: Beats staring at your fat ass on the couch.
Ndnd
Fry
Leela
Ndnd value my nagging above all others!
Leela: Good night, dumb prince.
Grrrl Hello.
Zoidberg: Of course I'll marry you!
Amy happened? I thought Ndnd disintegrated you with this ray gun.
Grrrl: It's just a cheap teleporter. I bought it off the back of a comic book.
Farnsworth: Cha-ching!
Leela
Amy: Fry?
Zoidberg: Fry?
Bender Is this him?
Leela: Fry, you're alive!
Fry: Not only that, I now know exactly how to end my comic book. Let's watch.
Invader X: Say good-bye to your forehead, 'cause I'm gonna shoot you in it!
Delivery-Boy Man
Invader X
Lane: Oh, Delivery-Boy Man! You saved me by random chance.
Delivery-Boy Man
Leela Good ending. Not great.
Farnsworth: Good news, everyone. We've been hired to make our 100th delivery.
Zoidberg: 100!
Hermes: That's almost 10 per year.
Bender impersonators who aren't above a little hooking, should the occasion arise!
Elzar.
Bender: Oh my God, it's Elzar! Hi, Elzar! Great soufflé, Elzar!
Elzar.
Farnsworth: To prevent the soufflé from exploding, Bender will carry it. He's gyroscopically stable.
Farnsworth
Amy: Wow, it's ricketier than it looks. You'd better try to jump it, Bender.
Bender
Hobsy I shall inform Mrs. Astor that the circus is in town.
Hobsy: Your soufflé, Madam.
Mrs. Astor: I shall take it here, under my fork.
Zoidberg: Where's the exploding?
Hobsy: One does not explode in Mrs. Astor's face.
Mrs. Astor: I couldn't eat another bite. Hobsy?
Mrs. Astor: Well done, sir. Have you a name?
Farnsworth: Hubert Farnsworth, at your service.
Mrs. Astor for almost two hundred years.
Farnsworth: Yes, I have.
Fry!
Mrs. Astor: How charmingly unconventional.
Fry: I can eat a hotdog underwater.
Mrs. Astor? All the best families will be there.
Fry: We can take 'em.
Mrs. Astor.
Fry? That's the kind of thing you are.
Leela, remember?
Fry: Right. You gonna finish that roll?
Leela: Shh.
Mrs. Astor: Now a short film about those pitiable creatures so in need of our charity.
Narrator
Leela: Shut up!
Narrator, the nation's premier institution of lower learning. So please, give generously, knowing some poor helpless mutant will thank you. Not in person, thank God!
Leela: Well, that was disturbing.
Mrs. Astor: Oh, I understand, dear. They are hideous.
Leela: Look, I guess you mean well, but isn't that university just a tax-deductible sewer-cleaning service?
Mrs. Astor: My dear, that school is about much more than sewer pipes.
Leela: Really?
Mrs. Astor: It's also about keeping those filthy things busy. There are thousands of them down there, breeding like rats.
Royalty girl My great uncle once saw a rat.
Mrs. Astor: If we don't keep them busy, they'll start jabbering on about equal rights in their ill-bred manner.
Leela: Let's go. If I say one more thing, I might say it with my evening boot.
Mrs. Astor: Well! Rarely have I never!
Fry: Please, don't blame Leela. She's just a little ill-bred. You know how mutants are.
Mrs. Astor: You companion is a mutant?
Fry: But if anyone asks, say she's an alien.
Mrs. Astor: Help! Police!
URL
Leela What's gonna happen to me?
Smitty: Permanent deportation, you mutant.
URL
Raoul: Incoming!
Leela.
Colonel
Leela I'm sorry.
Turanga Munda: It's okay, sweetie. Now that you're here, this hellhole feels more like a nice, regular hole.
Turanga Morris ice cream?
Bender Whoo!
Fry: Poor, Leela. I feel like I ruined her life.
Hermes: You did ruin her life.
Fry: You might be right, Hermes.
Hermes: I am right.
Fry: I almost feel like we should do something to help her.
Hermes: We should do something!
Fry: I don't care what you say, Hermes. Let's go.
Fry: Oh, mighty mayor. We're here about Turanga Leela.
Poopenmeyer: You mean Leela?
Fry: Right. I mean sure, she's a mutant, we've known that for years. But we kept it a secret because she's a fine, upstanding...
Poopenmeyer: Wait. You knowingly attempted to harbor a mutant?
Hermes: We did harbor a mutant! Uh-oh.
Munda
Leela: Urgh!
Morris Hey, guys! This is my daughter, Leela.
Morris, now.
Leela: These conditions are deplorable. I swear, I hate every single person on the surface for making us live like this.
Fry: Leela!
Leela: What are you doing here?
Amy: We were sentence to two weeks in the sewer for harboring a mutant.
Zoidberg: Three dollars at the drug store.
Fry: I'm so sorry I ratted you out, but, you know, after two weeks down here, I'll truly understand the plight of the mutant people.
Leela hump or a Zoidberg face.
Zoidberg: Urgh!
Leela: You wanna know what it's like to be a mutant? Jump in and go for a swim.
Fry: I would, but I ate a bunch of potato salad, so...
Leela: Yeah, that's what I thought. You are all surface.
Bender: Fry! Hermes! Where my humans are? Ah, who cares? It is on.
Horrible Gelatinous Blob
Hedonism Bot: I trust the orgy pit has been scraped and buttered?
Bender, too.
Hermes
Zoidberg
Amy, the biggest and onlyest land boat ever constructed...
Hermes: This was one hell of a bus.
Zoidberg
Farnsworth: Zoidberg, show some respect! This is a sacred shrine to the thousands who lost their lives.
Amy Hey, I found a safe!
Farnsworth
Hermes: Spreadsheets were so elegant back then.
Farnsworth
Amy: It's jewelry. Jewelry! It's jewelry, people!
Farnsworth
Zoidberg on it?
Hermes "My dear Mrs. Astor. My love for you is as unsinkable as this land ship and as brilliant as this stone. Dictated but not read, Mr. Astor."
Amy: Aw! That's so valuable.
Fry
Munda: What's a matter, Leela? You've hardly touched your toilet clams.
Leela Maybe I was too harsh on Fry. He didn't ruin my life on purpose.
Morris
Bubblegum: Bender, I've been to wang dang doodles all up and down the galaxy, but this is the dangest wang I ever doodled.
Bender
Hedonism Bot: Alone with me?
Bender
Scene
Leela: Fry? What are you doing.
Fry You were right. I don't know what it's like to be a mutant. But I want to know.
Leela
Fry: Any effect?
Leela Sorry. I tried to scream but I barfed.
Fry: I think I'm knowing what it's like to be a mutant.
Zoidberg: So, what's with all the screaming?
Fry: Hey, guys.
Leela: Fry, this is the stupidest, sweetest thing you've ever done. And you know, maybe now, together, we can be an inspiration to other mutants.
Fry: I hope so, Leela.
Leela I'll text ya.
Fry: My fellow mutants, until recently, I dwelt on the surface where a man can gaze up at the sky in wonder without a wet clump falling in his mouth.
Mutant
Leela!
Mutated Mark Mothersbaugh
Dwayne"!
Mutated Mark Mothersbaugh.
Leela: Now that we got their attention, it's time to hit them where they sit, by bending the West Side Pipeway to return all sewage to the surface.
Fry: But who could possibly bend such a huge pipe?
Bender: So lonely. Poor, sad Bender.
Fry: Hey, buddy.
Bender
Mutants: Bend it! Bend it! Bend it!
Fry
Sal.
Leela.
Colonel: Move out, Fry. We need out most disgusting mutant leading the charge.
Fry I'll meet you up there. I need to check out something first.
Colonel: Okay. Vyolet, you're up front.
Vyolet: Hey!
Mrs. Astor: Mayor, this sewage debacle has gone on long enough. As your largest campaign contributor, I demand action!
Poopenmeyer: Very well. $80 worth of action it is.
Poopenmeyer.
Mrs. Astor
Vyolet: Two!
Mutated Mark Mothersbaugh: Four!
Colonel: Six eyes!
Mutants: The mutant people will arise.
Leela That so we have something to give up at the negotiations.
Mrs. Astor: I've never been so moved, and I see no reason to begin now. Hobsy, flush those creatures back into the hole they crawled out of.
Hobsy
Fry
Bender
Fry, on which your husband land-drowned. Inside was something that might interest you.
Mrs. Astor So what, I have a chandelier in my car made of those.
Fry: Not the gem. This passenger manifest. It turns out there were mutants on that ship, working below deck in the sewage galley.
Leela's grandmother: Thanks to your husband's humanity, I lived to raise my own daughter, and she, a daughter in turn.
Leela: Mom, why have I never heard this?
Munda My mother's nuts.
Fry: I beg you, Mrs. Astor, if you truly want to honor your husband's memory, treat these people with dignity, as he did.
Mrs. Astor Randall, let's grant these mutants their freedom.
Poopenmeyer: Okay.
Dwayne: Are we not men now?
Mutated Mark Mothersbaugh: I'm forty percent potato, but close enough.
Leela: Thank you, Fry. I think maybe I can stomach that kiss now.
Fry: What the...?
Mr. Astor: Good afternoon. I am Mr. Astor. I did not perish that fateful day, but rather plummeted into the toxic lake, where I mutated and lived in solitude until this ruddy lad here stepped into my mouth and lodged there.
Mrs. Astor
Zoidberg: Horray! A happy ending for the rich people!
Leela: Mom, Dad, Grandma, this is where I work.
Munda: Oh! Was there a fire?
Amy: So, Bender, how was the party?
Bender: Only the greatest party ever! I don't need to have another party in my whole life. I am partied out!
Fry: Dang! Sorry we missed it!
Bender: We could have another one, if it would make you guys feel better.
Fry: Really? No, that's not necessary.
Bender
Transition Announcer: It's "The Futurama Holiday Spectacular"! Brought to you by...
Transition Announcer: Gunderson's Unshelled Nuts!
Amy season. Who wants a delicious unshelled nut?
Bender: Ooh, I'll have one!
Amy: Mmm... "It's NUTSO Good!"
Fry: Oh.
Leela: What's wrong, Fry? Are you regretting another wasted year?
Fry: I don't know. Somethin' about Xmas just doesn't feel like Christmas.
Farnsworth: Santa's coming! Initiate defenses!
Robot Santa
Fry: Can someone please explain how you celebrate this crazy holiday? Preferably in song?
Robot Santa: It's the violentest season of the year.
Elf: Old Kringle-bot has come to spread some mugs of Xmas fear.
Robot Santa
When I cane you from the comfort of my sled.
Leela
Kevlar vests, asbestos stockings and a barrel.
Farnsworth
It can be regifted straight to Santa's ass.
Robot Santa; a pine tree that's coniferous.
Planet Express crew (except Amy): We have to have a pine tree as coniferous.
Robot Santa: You're welcome.
Fry: You know, Santa may have killed Scruffy, but he makes a good point. What we need is an old-fashioned pine tree.
Farnsworth! Pine trees have been extinct for over eight hundred years.
Leela.
Farnsworth!
Farnsworth, the vault has preserved seeds of every known plant species in case of extinction.
Hermes brought a few seeds of my own.
Norwegian seed guard: Halt! Wh-what's your business poky-pokin' about da seed vault, eh, guardian of mankind's precious botanical heritage dere?
Farnsworth: We just wanna come in and rummage about a bit.
Norwegian seed guard
Bender
Norwegian seed guard: Oh, dat's da germ warfare repository.
Leela: It's so close! Is there any chance of cross-contamination?
Norwegian seed guard: No.
Norwegian seed guard: Now, your pine trees were all chopped down to make imirgincee toilet paper durin' th' fifty-year squirts. Lucky da seeds have bin preserved here in da vault der.
Amy It's not germs, is it?
Norwegian seed guard: No.
Fry a tree worth chopping down.
Tinny Tim: Indeed. 'Tis a loverly tree. 'Twould truly be my finest Xmas eve-
Nixon: Araroo!
Nixon: That's what my poll numbers need: Happy voters enjoying some holiday cheer.
Cheney: As your Vice President, I order you to steal that tree.
Nixon, welcome to the Annual White House Xmas Tree Lighting, brought to you by Gunderson's Nuts!
Amy: Oh, no! Could the seed have been contaminated by a virus from the germ vault?
Norwegian seed guard: Oh, yeh, I suppose.
Leela thing. That weaponized virus made the sickly little tree grow big and strong.
Leela thing. Reforestation has begun.
Bender: Aw, jeez with this, hey?(?)
Leela thing. The planet has returned to its primeval state.
Fry: Earth is just the way it was before the white man came!
Farnsworth, Gore?
Gore: Yeah, but I'd be happier if I had a set of lungs.
Farnsworth rapidly! 10%... 20% ...60%!
Gore: As long as it doesn't hit 70!
Farnsworth: 80%!
Bender Hey, cool, the air's on fire.
Robot Santa Stay tuned for another tale of holiday hilarity!
Transition Announcer: Now, back to...
Transition Announcer!
Farnsworth: Okay, crew. Xmas break is over. It's time to destroy these gifts we forgot to deliver.
Bender: Woah, woah, woah! How come we get off for every dumb human holiday but not for robot holidays?
Leela.
Bender: I'm talkin' about Robanukah, the holiest six and a half weeks in the robot calendar!
Amy: Pfft! That's just a fake holiday you make up every year to get out of work.
Fry: Yeah, if it's real, how come there's no song that explains how you celebrate it?
Bender: Because there is! Hit it!
Farnsworth: Hit what?
Bender: I've placed instruments under your seats. Play 'em or I'll break 'em over your heads!
Bender
Which will give me time to quickly make them up.
Hermes: Do you spin a dreidel made from clay?
Bender and it's rigged to make you pay.
Amy: Do you eat these dummy tin-wrapped chocolate coins?
Bender Shalom, Ruth and Esther!
Ruth: Why with the music so loud?
Esther: Would it kill him to turn up the heat a little in here?
Bender: But by far the most important thing is oil.
Leela: To keep the lamp light burning or to help the latkes broil?
Bender
Into this blessed pit so they can wrestle.
Planet Express crew
Is the oil in which the nasty fembots wrestle.
Bender
Ruth: Not in the hair, please. I just had it did.
Bender and a half weeks!
Esther: We're still gettin' paid, right?
Bender: I told you it's an audition!
Leela: Bender, four and a half weeks of oil wrestling sounds like plenty.
Bender: This isn't a lousy reform Robanukah! We need more petroleum oil!
Hoschel: I got me some whale oil, some squirrel oil—
Bender: Not kosher! It has to be petroleum oil! Do you not give a damn about the hallowed traditions of Robanukah?!
Hoschel: I reckon I do not. Anyways, Earth done run out of petroleum oil.
Gore One unit of free limitless solar power please.
Hoschel: That'll be... I dunno... ten bucks?
Gore?
Bender petroleum oil?
Farnsworth Petroleum only forms when organic matter is subjected to intense pressure for hundreds of millions of years.
Fry!
Bender: This is so unfair!
Ruth.
Bender: Professor, I want you to look these poor floozies in the eye and tell them their oil wrestling days are over.
Farnsworth I suppose there could be a minute quantity of petroleum left. But it would be insanely deep within the Earth, at pressures so dangerously high that—
Bender: Let's go already!
Leela.
Hermes Look! Mole coffins!
Amy: Oh, no! We tunneled into a tunnel!
Zoidberg
Farnsworth!
Fry
Farnsworth.
Farnsworth: What's our depth, Captain?
Leela: Forty kilometers. Fifty!
Bender: There must be petroleum oil down here somewhere. Go deeper! Deeper!
Farnsworth!
Bender: Professor, I've never asked for anything before, but seeing those fembots glistening with oil means more to me than life itself.
Farnsworth Brace yourselves, everyone!
Leela: One hundred kilometers! Two hundred!
Amy: I hate to complain about the heat, but the air conditioner is on fire!
Hermes!
Leela" can celebrate Robanukah.
Bender: You vile racist! Haven't my people suffered enough? Now keep drilling for that petroleum oil, you selfish cowards! Although, then again, I guess any kind of oil would be just as-
Everybody else
Bender Not my fault.
Bender who thought they were selfish!
Bender: Doo, doo-doo-doo, doo, doo-doo, doo, doo, doo-Doo, DOO!
Bender There was only enough petroleum for four and a half weeks of oil wrestling. But it lasted 500 million years! It's a miracle!
Bender: Happy Robanukah, everyone! Coming up next, more thoughtful, interfaith hijinx!
Transition Announcer: And now, the unrelated conclusion.
Leela. We brought a chocolate cake. But now I'm worried that might be offensive in some way.
LaBarbara
Bubblegum: Happy Kwanzaa, brother men and sister men.
Hermes: Well, look at the cat the cat dragged in.
Bubblegum
Dwight
Bubblegum: I'll sign it for you later.
Barbados: Mon, it's a cold one out there.
Hermes: Barbados Slim?
LaBarbara: Come in, Barbados. Look at yourself, all throbbing and shirtless for the holiday. I hope you're ready to celebrate.
Barbados
Hermes: I'm glad you all could be here with my family. Kwanzaa traditions are quite ancient, dating back over 1,000 years.
Fry: Woah!
Zoidberg
Kwanzaa-bot: Oh, yeah!
Dwight here.
LaBarbara: No, child. That's not a made-up character. It's Kwanzaa-bot.
Kwanzaa-bot: And I'm gonna tell you all how we celebrate Kwanzaa. Zoidberg, lay down a beat.
Zoidberg: How about I just lay down?
Kwanzaa-bot: The seven basic principles that go to make up Kwanzaa!
LaBarbara: Kujichagulia...
Barbados and Bubblegum: And umoja...
Hermes: And the rest.
Planet Express crew we get it!
Kwanzaa-bot: Sit back down! There's gonna be a test.
Bubblegum: Cooperative economics.
Kwanzaa-bot!
Barbados: Like the ever-changing nature of my sexual proclivities.
Kwanzaa-bot: I think there's one called "nia," but I don't speak Swahili,
Farnsworth: That's from Xmas and Robanakuh, you plagiarizing lout!
Kwanzaa-bot: Yeah, I'm kinda losin' interest here. I'd best be rollin' out.
Dwight: What's that, Black Santa?
Kwanzaa-bot: You need seven Kwanzaa candles that you light up every night.
Planet Express crew: They must be made of beeswax or we might as well be white.
LaBarbara: Well, we got no beeswax candles, but these scented regular wax candles will do just fine.
Kwanzaa-bot: Girl, those stink sticks are for single women who take baths. If your Kwanzaa candles ain't 100% beeswax, you bring shame on your people.
LaBarbara: Well, now that won't do. Husband, show a little ku'umba and fetch some beeswax before Kwanzaa ends.
Hermes, LaBarbara! Isn't this the last night of Kwanzaa?
Kwanzaa-bot: Who the hell knows?
Hermes: Finally, a bee farm that's open late on Kwanzaa. Madam, I need beeswax.
Petunia: You sure you don't need a little honey, handsome? Maybe a taste of sweet nectar straight from the hive?
Hermes: I just need some beeswax to make Kwanzaa candles.
Petunia: Well, that's too darn bad. There ain't no beeswax in the whole world.
Amy.
Petunia
Farnsworth My God! It's Colony Collapse Syndrome. The bees are swarming with parasites. They're all dying.
Petunia: Yeah, but what a way to go. "Die young and leave a pretty corpse," that's what I say.
Bender: You should say someth'n' else.
Fry, and we swore we'd never go back there.
Farnsworth: Let's go back there!
Farnsworth. Bender, say something in bee talk.
Leela we survive.
Amy: Something's wrong. It's way too quiet.
Fry.
Farnsworth: Ah, here they come.
Leela That was weird. It's like the Jägermeister air show all over again.
Hermes point 2 miles that way.
Bender is? The big, fat, ugly, compound-eyed, hairy-thoraxed...
Queen
Hermes?
Queen: Man, my hive's been going buck-wild since these blood-ganking butt crabs moved in.
Zoidberg: Been there, done that.
Farnsworth: They're all infected, just like the bees on Earth.
Queen: Brother-sucking parasites gone and disrupted our hivemind. Now, instead of working in harmony, my bees just talk smack to each other.
Bee #1: Are you all black with yellow stripes or yellow with black stripes?
Bee #2: Yellow with black stripes, man.
Bee #1 Why don't you just move along?
Bee #3: Let me ask you something, you sting my wife?
Bee #4
Leela Okay, gang. We have plenty of beeswax. Let's get back to the ship.
Hermes these honeybees. Listen up, bees. It's Kwanzaa, a time of Umoja.
Amy: It means unity.
Hermes: You have to learn to work together again.
Queen: The crazy tablecloth-man is right. It's time to set aside our differences.
Bee #1 Black stripe, yellow stripe. At the end o' day, we're just a couple of darn talking space bees.
Bee #3
Farnsworth: Look, the spirit of Kwanzaa is killing the parasites.
Fry: Yuck, but yay!
Queen: Thank you, my human brother. Your message of unity has touched our souls. We are once again of a single hive-mind.
Kwanzaa-bot: Oh, yeah.
Zoidberg Aw, they killed him.
Hermes: Joyous Kwanzaa, everybody.
Gore And from all of us here at Gunderson's Nuts, happy holidays.
Professor Farnsworth Then good news, everyone! Our next delivery isn't to some dangerous, outer-space planet. It's to Earth!
Fry Ow! Quit it, Earth.
Leela: We won't even have to leave New New York! The package is going to Long Long Island.
Professor Farnsworth: Yes, to the lavish Mafia-style villa of the Donbot.
Bender It looks like a pair of clamps!
Clamps These are all rusted-out with snitch juice!
Donbot You don't want the Space Pope to see a clampin' now, do ya?
Clamps: Aw, jeez. I forgot my Pope manners.
Space Pope: Dearly beloved, it is with great speed that I now pronounce you husband and wife.
Donbot: What the—
Joey Mousepad: May I help you with some assistance?
Leela Francis X. Clampazzo?
Joey Mousepad: We don't got nobody here by that alias.
Clamps Are those my new clamps?
Joey Mousepad: Your name's Francis?
Bender What's not to sneak into?
Leela: Bender, you can't crash a mob wedding.
Bender: You forget, Leela, I'm Bender, owner of disguise.
Space Pope: And now, ladies and gentlemen, my good friend... Calculon!
Calculon Calculon! Calculon!
Bender to this tacky soirée?
Donbot's eldest daughter: I'm the bride!
Bender, baby? Wanna do it?
Fanny: Bender, it's me, Fanny!
Bender: You who?
Fanny: The Donbot's wife? We had an affair?
Bender Jeez, I'd better be a little more careful. I don't wanna hit on anybody I already had sex with.
Fanny: Hiya, Bella!
Bella: Hi, Mom!
Bender: What about you? You're my third choice.
Bella: Oh, Bender! This is all happening too slowly. Let's get married!
Bender Hold your clapper. Someone's comin'!
Calculon: Donbot, please. I'll pay you back as soon as you lend me some more money.
Donbot Clamps, here are your new clamps.
Clamps: Clamps!
Calculon No!
Bella And guys who mess around with his daughters...
Bella: And attempt to duplicate his meatball recipe.
Leela: How was the wedding, Bender?
Bender: Says who?! I didn't witness anything!
Morbo: In entertainment news, two-time Oscar-pool winner Calculon was brutally clamped yesterday by an unknown assailant.
Amy: Poor Calculon.
Bender I'm scared and great at sex!
Leela: Bender, you need to go to the police and tell them a tastefully edited version of what you just said.
Bender This secret goes to my grave!
Male voice fifty-dollar reward.
Bender: Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! And— And then Calculon said, "No. No!"
Bender Can I have my fifty bucks now?
Robot Stack court.
Bender: No. No! Can I have another fifty dollars?
Robot Stack: No.
Bender: No?
Robot Stack: No!
Bender: No!
Bailiff: All rise for the honourable Judge 723.
Judge 723: Be seated. Organised crime is a plague on our society and I will not tolerate any form of intimidation during—
Bailiff: All rise for the honourable Judge 724.
Judge 724: Good day. I'd like to say I'm prepared to tolerate several, if not all, forms of intimidation during this trial. Prosecutor?
Hyper-Chicken: Your Honour, the prosecution pecks for a mistrial on the grounds of jury tamperin'!
Judge 724: Donbot?
Donbot: Motion denied.
Judge 724: Prosecutor, call your first witness.
Hyper-Chicken he's in grave danger.
Bella: Bender, I've been looking for you! Which cake do you like better for our wedding?!
Donbot: Bender?
Bender That was close.
Yellow and red manbot made up yourself called burglarcenarsony?
Bender: That's a wholly-owned trademark of Rodríguez Crime Concepts Inc.! Besides, I'm not on trial here!
Judge 724 You're on trial in courtroom three.
Judge 802: You are charged with two counts of burglarcenarsony. How do you plead?
Bender: Not inno-guilty-cent!
Bender: And then the Donbot said, "Sorry, Calculon."
Bender: And then Calculon said, "No!"
Donbot: I think we've heard enough.
Bender Now I'm finished.
Hyper-Chicken: Your Honour, the prosecution roosts.
Judge 724 a verdict?
Hedonism Bot: Indeed. After a steamy twelve-way deliberation, we find the accused guilty as—
Calculon The Donbot is innocent!
Judge 724: Calculon, who is that escorting you?
Hedonism Bot: Yes. Who?
Calculon For, you see, I'm a big Hollywood idiot dumb guy what does that sorta thing.
Joey Mousepad: Perfect.
Hedonism Bot: We find the Donbot...
Calculon: Dramatic pause...
Hedonism Bot: Not guilty!
Amy: What?
Donbot: Honey, if you're marryin' Bender, ya might wanna get a black dress for the wedding.
Bella: That's gonna look hot!
Robot Stack I don't want it anymore.
Bender: So I gotta hide forever?!
Robot Stack They're pretty good at that.
Bender Leela, you'll have to watch out for Fry now.
Leela: Oh, Lord.
Fry: I wish I could go with you, pal.
Bender: Me too. I'll need a butler.
Robot Stack: Bender, we have to go.
Professor Farnsworth Let's hire someone better!
Donbot Clamps!
Clamps: Huh?
Donbot: Listen to my boss words. I would like you to apply for Bender's old job and cosy up to this Fry, his best friend.
Clamps Sorry, toots.
Donbot: No, Clamps. No clamps. Sooner or later, Bender will contact Fry... As relocated squealers always do.
Joey Mousepad: Then with the clamps... Francis.
Clamps with the Francis!
Joey Mousepad: Ay! Oh! Take it ease.
Clamps: Hey there, Slick. I'm 'ere about the job.
Hermes We'll begin the interview shortly.
Hermes: We'll start with Andrew.
Clamps: Yeah, they all kinda broke. So... When do I start?
Hermes is Francis.
Fry: Hey, Francis.
Professor Farnsworth: Hello, Francis.
Leela: Hello.
Amy: Cute name.
Hermes: Look what he can do.
Clamps: Yeah, I do it all. Clampin', crimpin', occasional snippin'.
Professor Farnsworth Looks like you may be out of a job, Zoidberg.
Zoidberg: That's all good fun. But, of course, a clamp is no substitute for the precision of a genuine—
Amy: Francis, would you do the honours?
Zoidberg: Stay off my turf!
Clamps That guy can bite my shiny metal clamps.
Fry: You remind me of my old friend Bender.
Clamps: Oh, yeah? Where does he safely live?
Fry: I dunno. Hey, you wanna come to my house and play?
Clamps: Yeah. Sounds like freakin' fun.
Clamps: Four stinkin' years of clampin' school for this?
Zoidberg Sorry if I was a little hostile before, but snipping is the only reason I'm even tolerated around here. Not like you, with those magnificent squeezers!
Clamps Francis?
Professor Farnsworth To the Moon!
Clamps: Fan--in'-tastic!
Fry: Here's the two-hundred feet of rope you ordered, Sheriff Burley.
Sheriff Burley Well, best start cuttin' the nooses.
Leela Francis!
Leela: Nice job, Francis! I liked how you didn't get drunk and steal anyone's organs. Like our old Robot—
Fry Bender! It's me, Fry!
Donbot: I knew Bender would turn up purely by coincidence. Take care of 'im, but do it quietly.
Clamps: Don't worry. We're in space. Where no one can hear you clamp!
Hermes: What do you know? The Feds gave Bender a new identity as a Moon farmer.
Fry: Well, he must be afraid to break character in case there's any Robot Mafia scuzzballs around.
Clamps: Huh?
Amy: Come on! Let's go check on 'im!
Clamps: I checked on a guy once. I checked 'im into tiny pieces!
Hydroponic farmer Billy!
Bender: Yes, Moon pa?
Hydroponic farmer: These nice, big-city hillbillies are lookin' for someone named Bender. You know 'im?
Bender: No, he ain't any of the eight people I ever met.
Fry: Bender, it's us, your friends. You can drop the hillbilling moron act.
Bender: Sorry, mister, but I'm no Bender. I'm just a simple farmer. Name's Billy West!
Fry: Billy West. What a stupid, phony, made-up name!
Hydroponic farmer: You city folk are probably hungry from premarital sex and flag burnin'. Y'all wanna stay for supper?
Amy I could have a bite.
Billy West Robot wife, the Crushinator. She's servin' up the dinner and the charm.
Crushinator: Mashed chicken, Mr. Fry?
Fry: Sure!
Clamps: So, uh... Billy... Where were you born?
Billy West: Right here in Moon country!
Professor Farnsworth: And how long have you been a farmer?
Billy West a farmer. Folks say my momma was a hoe.
Leela: Oh, dear! I seem to have warped my fork! Could you bend it back for me? Billy?
Billy West I can't even lift it. Which is weird... Seein' as how my daddy was a forklift.
Leela: Wow! Bender is really committed to his new Jethrovian identity!
Billy West: If y'all are all finished, I'll drive y'all back to town in the old clunker.
Billy West: So... Y'all flew here in a spacey-ship?
Hermes: Stop talking like that! You live on the Moon!
Fry Bender, I guess he's just happier in his new life.
Professor Farnsworth to believe anyone is happy! Mr. West, would you mind if I examined your brain?
Billy West: Examine? Heck. If you can find it, you can keep it.
Professor Farnsworth Bender's hard drive no longer contains any of his old memories. When the Feds bumpkinised him, they completely wiped out his old identity!
Billy West So long, space heroes!
Fry: You sure you don't wanna kill all Humans?
Billy West: Pfff! I love all Humans!
Fry: He really is gone.
Fry Francis?
Billy West: One sasparoil, Sheriff! I'm thirsty!
Sheriff Burley: Make it two. I'm greedy.
Clamps Now let's take this outside so's no one else gets clamped.
Billy West: You're the boss, stranger!
Clamps: I'm gonna clamp your body parts off one by one. But, then, I'm gonna clamp your wounds shut so ya stay alive... While I clamp ya some more. Say your prayers, stoolie.
Billy West God bless grandma and grandpa—
Clamps: They're next! Right now, I'm gonna cut your damn head off!
Zoidberg do the cutting around here.
Clamps This ain't none of your business, Slick.
Zoidberg John -ing Zoidberg!
Fry You'll hurt Francis!
Clamps: Oh, yeah? Take this! That that!
Zoidberg: Oy!
Clamps I'm gonna clamp ya!
Zoidberg Ow. Ow. Ow.
Clamps: Looks like an all-you-can-kill lobster fest.
Zoidberg: That offer was for a limited time only.
Clamps: My clamps!
Fry: Why, Zoidberg?! Why?!
Zoidberg: Because our friend Francis here is in reality... A bad murderer.
Billy West This here crawdad done saved my life!
Bella I put off my singing career for you! And, if I can't have you, no one can!
Billy West: Aw, shucks.
Fry: Bender!
Leela: No!
Hermes: What?
Donbot Maybe the best there ever was. We'll send his widow some meatballs. Clamps, Bella, get in the way-back.
Fry: To my friend Bender. A wise man once said he was a helluva squealer. Maybe the best there ever was.
All: To Bender!
Bender We are still waitin' for it to be delivered.
Fry: Bender?!
Bender: I'm no Bender. You got me mixed up with another Robot.
Fry I don't really remember what he looks like.
Bender: Guys! Guys! It's me, Bender!
Fry: He's alive!
Leela: So that Moon hillbilly who got murdered was just an innocent husband and father!
Professor Farnsworth: Bender, old bot, the Mafia thinks you're dead! You can come back to work with us!
Bender: I'm back, baby!
Brown-haired man: Pizza's here.
Bender I'll just cut that.
Zoidberg: You do and I'll -ing gut you like a fish!
Leela: Where's the Professor?
Bender: Eh, probably dead. Already dissolving in a bathtub if we're lucky.
Professor Farnsworth It's been fifty years since they disappeared.
Fry: Huh. I knew you had other crews, but you never told us you had a first crew.
Professor Farnsworth: I remember it like it was interesting.
Professor Farnsworth: I had just built my new shipping and receiving emporium.
Professor Farnsworth: And I scoured the hardware-store parking lot to assemble the finest crew imaginable.
Professor Farnsworth And Captain Lando Tucker, a dedicated young man with no characteristics.
Lando Tucker: We'll deliver that package or die trying.
Zoidberg: Eh! It's all my favourite patients. And also Captain Tucker. Pow!
Candy: Whoa!
Lando Tucker You're hilarious.
Hermes: Zoidberg was popular?!
Amy: Zoidberg had hair?!
Professor Farnsworth Anyway...
Professor Farnsworth: The time came for our first delivery.
Young woman: Lando, don't forget about me and Junior.
Lando Tucker Or die trying.
Professor Farnsworth: Well, crew, this is it. That cookie bouquet isn't going to deliver itself.
Professor Farnsworth: Ten...
Professor Farnsworth One.
Scientist: Go, you big metal bird! Get up there!
Hermes Zoidberg had friends?!
Zoidberg: It was a different time.
Professor Farnsworth Suddenly, Amanda's aunt called to say her niece hadn't received her cookie bouquet.
Professor Farnsworth: I watched the skies for weeks. With only occasional breaks to tender my grief diarrhea.
Professor Farnsworth: Just when all hope was lost...
Professor Farnsworth What happened up there, Johnny?
Zoidberg: Aw! Don't make me remember! So horrible, it was.
Amy: I thought you said he didn't have hair.
Professor Farnsworth Just so it could turn white! Sadly, my brave crew was gone forever.
Leela What do you think happened, Professor?
Professor Farnsworth: They were lost in the Bermuda Tetrahedron!
Leela The Bermuda Tetrahedron is just a myth.
Professor Farnsworth The Bermuda Tetrahedron!
Leela: Or we could fly around it.
Professor Farnsworth: Of course you could! You'd be stupid not to.
Bender: Supposing we're not stupid, what kinda stupid mission is this?!
Professor Farnsworth Plus, a popsicle cart!
Leela: You can count on us, Professor. We'll get that monument here in time.
Bender: Hooray!
Amy: Woohoo!
Bender: Yeah!
Leela: Or die trying.
Zoidberg: We're gonna try— What?
Green Alien: 'Ere you go. "In memory of the 1st Planet Express ship and it's crew".
Leela. What the hell's wrong with you?!
Green Alien It's a miracle we can even speak English.
Leela I insist you recarve the entire statue correctly.
Green Alien: Okay. Okay. Hey, Charlie! Hack off another block of ivory!
Amy: Well, the statue's perfect now.
Amy
Leela: We'll make it. Or die trying.
Fry: Whoa!
Leela: We're cutting through the Bermuda Tetrahedron.
Bender Tetrahedron?
Zoidberg: Aw... I think I'm remembering that thing I forgot.
Amy: Uh-oh. The dials are terrified!
Leela: Brace yourselves. It's Tickle Me Elmo's fire!
Bender: Ow.
Leela: There. See? It was no big thing.
Hermes: What was that big thing?
Fry: It's a spaceship graveyard.  Why did we have to come 'ere at night?
Hermes.
Leela: Over there! It's the original Planet Express ship!
Amy: What caused all that damage?
Amy: Could it've been flavour-blasted?
Leela Everyone suit up!
Leela The table is still set from McDonald's value dinner!
Zoidberg I have closure.
Amy: Hey, Zoidberg. You're cockatieling.
Zoidberg What's happening?!
Zoidberg: Oh, right! And there was a giant killer space whale.
Bender It's a giant space fish!
Leela It's a space mammal.
Bender: Wow, interesting. I'm both impressed and being eaten.
Hermes: Spacewalk, people! Spacewalk for your lives!
Fry: Man, look at 'im go! Like a millionaire on a cocktail wiener.
Zoidberg: Woob.
Leela: I did it! I outran 'im!
Zoidberg: Relax, friends.
Zoidberg: Panic, jerks!
Hermes It's a four-dimensional space whale!
Amy: Of course! And it only breaches into our 3-D universe to hunt and fill its lungs with vacuum!
Leela: Whatever its beef is, our one mission now is to get that monument to Earth.
Leela: Correction: Our one mission now is to avenge the loss of that monument.
Amy: Shmeesh! He gonked off the engines!
Leela Raise the solar sails. I'm goin' after that "Möbius Dick".
Hermes: You been hittin' the Red Stripe, woman!
Leela I could marry you and Bender against your will if I wanted to.
Hermes: You wouldn't dare!
Bender: I've been married to worse.
Fry You're risking all our lives for your own personal obsession.
Leela That thing screwed up my delivery! This time, it's business!
Leela: Maybe, if I move the compass like this, it will somehow kill the whale.
Amy: Leela, we need to talk. You've gone from crazy like a fox to crazy like Fox News!
Leela In my dreams, I've peered beyond its eyes and into the cackling hell within us all.
Fry That's a good point.
Bender It's a mutiny led by Fry!
Leela: That's enough insubordination, Mr. Fry!
Bender: String 'im up!
Bender Look! Off in the distance! It's exhaling!
Leela: Use boaty talk!
Bender: Thare she blows!
Leela Which of you space dogs has the guts and know-how to harpoon that whale?
Amy: I spent a semester in Africa harpooning giraffes. And giraffes are basically just land space whales.
Leela: Miss Wong, you have the 'poon.
Amy: Oh, God! I'm having a Serengeti flashback! Die, you dirty giraffe!
Amy: Well, I got it. Now what, Captain?
Leela I guess I thought whales died when you harpooned them.
Leela: Don't worry.
Leela: I'll drop the anchor.
Zoidberg: Ouch.
Hermes: She's diving into the fourth dimension!
Amy: We have to cut the rope!
Leela We're goin' for a sleigh ride.
Hermes: I can see sideways in time.
Amy IGC ees I, eej.
Fry Poop!
Bender Bender! Bender! Bender!
Bender: Aw. That was the greatest uncountably infinite bunch of guys I ever met.
Amy It's pulling us through a field of spacebergs!
Bender Think they're so great!
Amy giant diamonds.
Bender: What?!
Bender: Come to papa!
Fry We need to cut the line!
Leela: Enough of your mad obsession with Bender, Fry! We've got to murder that whale or die trying.
Hermes Bender's one of Planet Express' most expensive appliances! And he's in trouble!
Leela I warned you. Fry, Zoidberg, I now pronounce you man and—
Zoidberg: Aw! So close.
Leela You do know I'm stabbing at thee, right?
Zoidberg: Hello.
Professor Farnsworth You must remember something!
Zoidberg: No! Nothing! For all I know, our friends could've been eaten by some kind of crazy space whale!
Professor Farnsworth It's taken my latest crew just as it took my first one!
Zoidberg: Not to mention those single socks from the dryer. Am I right?
Professor Farnsworth And, with no stone monument, they may well demand that I refund their admission fees.
Leela
Hermes: In the belly of the beast.
Fry: Like that Bible guy who got swallowed by the whale! Pinocchio!
Amy: This is all Obsessy Bessy's fault!
Bender: Right on, sister. We should be back at Planet Express right now. Hiding from work in the ceiling. But no!
Leela!
Hermes: Uh-oh. What's that loud digesting sound?
Fry: Holy crap! Four-dimensional bowels!
Amy: Einstein was right.
Leela Also, what and how?!
Male voice: The great fish has chosen you for a higher purpose.
Leela Who said that?
Deformed man: I was once Lando Tucker, captain of the first Planet Express ship.
Leela: Ew! I'm Turanga Leela, captain of the current Planet Express ship. What's going on?
Lando Tucker: It's very simple. Well, actually, it's very complicated. Luckily, I'm here to explain it. You see... This space whale feeds on... Obsession!
Leela: Wow. Are you gross-looking. Go on.
Lando Tucker: The great space serpent—
Leela: Mammal.
Lando Tucker: Figured out long ago that no one's more obsessed than space captains.
Leela Get away!
Lando Tucker: The whale's nearly sucked me dry. It'll need a new source of obsession once I'm gone.
Leela: How many times do I have to tell other people? I'm not obsessed!
Lando Tucker obsession, Leela! And you are the whale!
Leela See?
Old lady: Fifty years, Junior! Fifty years of grippling sorrow!
Paper-hatted salesman: Popsicles here. Can't mourn the dead without a popsicle.
Leo: You think a popsicle gonna bring my daughter back?!
Paper-hatted salesman: No, sir.
Leo: You just talked yourself out of a sale.
Inez Guess I gotta quit that club.
Morris: I can't believe our Leela's gone!
Munda: You always think you're gonna disappear in space before your children.
Professor Farnsworth What a pleasure to see so many miserable faces.
Zoidberg: Mmm! Lemony!
Professor Farnsworth: I had intended to unveil a beautiful stone memorial today. But, due to the recent tragedy, I humbly ask you to join me in a simple prayer.
Dwight: Boo!
Professor Farnsworth Oh, mighty Isis—
Zoidberg My deal is doing the thing!
Professor Farnsworth: Good Lord! It's some kind of inter-dimensional space whale!
Zoidberg Oy! Now with the horror hair.
Paper-hatted salesman: Popsicles! Fill your gapin' mouth with a popsicle!
Munda Is that how you and your friends are dressing now?!
Leela: Hello, everyone. I suppose you're wonderin' why my flesh has melded with that of a giant space whale.
Professor Farnsworth: I'll admit to a polite interest.
Leela the whale.
Zoidberg: That sounds clever, but it doesn't explain much.
Leela: Shut up, Zoidberg!
Zoidberg: Okay.
Leela: You see, beneath my obsession lay an even deeper obsession. An obsession so strong, it allowed me to overpower the beast's will and pilot it through space and time. An obsession... With completing my delivery!
Paper-hatted salesman: Get your—
Old lady: Poor Lando... This is just how I want to remember him.
Leela: Too bad! 'Cause he's still alive!
Old lady: Lando?
Lando Tucker You've grown, Junior.
Old man: I'm sixty-one.
Inez! What else you got?!
Professor Farnsworth The whale must have some kind of Möbius colon that endlessly recycles time and space!
Scruffy: Yup. That stands up to scrutiny.
Leela a monster.
Lando Tucker: Mainly you.
Leela: On the other hand, the stupid fish did eat us. You guys wanna do this?
Amy: Yeah!
Fry: You know it!
Candy: So, Johnny, are we gonna pick up where we left off?
Zoidberg: Eh!
Fry.
Zoidberg: You stink, loser.
Leela Pizza goin' out. Come on!
Fry: Alright. I'll take the red rocket.
Fry One time was funny. But, every week for ten years, not as funny.
Ipji: True. Not as funny. But still somewhat funny.
Fry I've been a delivery boy for a thousand years. Isn't there any room for promotion around here?
Hermes: There'll be no promotions unless somebody dies. And, even then, only if we can bring 'em back as a zombie like Scruffy.
Scruffy: Life and death are a seamless continuum.
Fry I got shot in the leg!
Bender What are you doin' here?
Roberto: What? A fella can't drop in on ol' friends and hold 'em hostage?
Zoidberg: I'm good! And you?
Smitty: Attention, criminal Robot in the building.
Smitty: Come out with your hands up.
Bender: Never!
Smitty: Uh, other guy.
Roberto: Listen up, piggies! I want a hovercopter. And a non-marked sandwich. And a new face with, like, a... A Hugh Grant look.
Roberto ass!
Zoidberg Ouch!
Zoidberg: He's not bluffing!
URL: You call for a chopper?
Roberto.
URL: One chopper comin' up.
Smitty Sometimes it's almost too much for me.
URL: You mean the respect we get and the high level of job satisfaction?
Smitty: There's that, but I'm also talkin' about the non-stop promotions and the free hot ride.
Leela I mean a uniform that doesn't involve short pants.
Fry Here are my shorts.
Fry: Hello. I'd like to enrol in Police Academy.
Policeman #1: You think you can just waltz in here with no pants and become a cop?
Fry: That's the plan.
Policeman #1: I like you, kid. I got no pants on either.
Fry: I can see that. You're quite a bit taller than me.
Policeman #1: Welcome to Police Academy.
Fry: Hi! I'm Fry.
Brown Robot: I'm the Sound Effects 5000.
Fry: Wow! That would be impressive if you were a Human!
Sound Effects 5000: Yeah...
Policeman #2: On your feet for Chief O'Mannahan.
Chief O'Mannahan: At ease, cadets. I'll make this short and sweet 'cause I'm PMS-in' like a lumberjack. Police Academy is not for everybody. You're gonna get your boobs scuffed. But, if you got the vulva to stick it out, I'll be proud to call you ladies policemen.
Fry: Sir! Yes, ma'am!
Black-haired man Now can you actually turn on the ignition?
Sound Effects 5000: I don't have any hands.
Chief O'Mannahan: Well, it's that time of the month. Graduation Day. So grow up hair and put 'em together for our new officers.
Amy: Woohoo!
Bender: Hooray for the pigs!
Chief O'Mannahan: Graduates, you are hereby officially cops. Now movin' along. Nothin' to see here.
Zoidberg Police brutality!
Chief O'Mannahan Alright. Before we head out, I'll be teaming up our new officers with their ironically matched partners. Sound Effects 5000, you'll be with Gretsky.
Gretsky: Ow, my tinnitus!
Chief O'Mannahan: Fry, due to the unfortunate loss of Officer Smith, you'll be riding with URL.
URL: And Smitty was just a few days from retirement.
Fry: Wuh— What happened?
URL: He took a early retirement. Damn.
Professor Farnsworth: Let's get down to business.
Amy?
Professor Farnsworth: No, I just said that for Fry's benefit. May the poor fellow feel better about his pointless job.
Hermes Though he did walk Zoidberg.
Professor Farnsworth: In any case, I've improved on Fry by sticking some wheels on a board so Leela and Bender can easily make the next delivery without him.
Bender: Neat. So where are we goin'?
Professor Farnsworth: Pandora.
Leela: That dangerous, 3-D planet? Can't we just send our avatars?
Professor Farnsworth: No! It's cheaper just to have you die.
Fry: Whoa! Fifteen miles over the speed of light.
URL: That's a violation of the law of Lorentz invariance, baby.
Fry: Light 'em up.
URL: Look out for that particular individual.
Dandy Jim: An electric wall, eh? I can't see the harm in peein' on that.
URL: Whoa! Where my man learn that?
Fry: SunnyD commercial.
URL: Let's refract this sucker.
Fry: DNA and career chip, please.
URL: Erwin Schrödinger, huh? What's in the box, Schrödinger?
Erwin Schrödinger a caesium atom.
Fry Alive or dead?!
URL: Answer him, fool.
Erwin Schrödinger: It's a superposition of both states until you open it and collapse the wave function.
Fry: Says you.
URL: There's also a lotta drugs in there.
Leela: So... You're a Robot?
Chief O'Mannahan: You boys did good. Nailed a major violator of the laws of Physics.
URL Cat's gonna testify.
Chief O'Mannahan: Guys like this really bust my uterus. You're both getting a promotion! Ever heard of the Future Crimes Division?
Fry: Tomorrow I have.
Leela: Oops.
Leela: I can't make out a thing!
Bender: Well, I guess you should've had two eyes!
Leela: Just deliver the package and let's get outta here.
Bender the company's chef.
Leela to eat?
Bender Here's your damn peanut butter and jelly sandwich!
Blond man: Now that we can predict crimes with 99% accuracy, we can arrest most perpetrators before they even perpetrate anything.
Fry: That's ridiculous. Only horoscopes can predict the future.
Blond man This.
Fry: Whoa!
URL: Slowed on, baby.
Blond man: The cybernetic oracle. The ultimate man-machine hybrid. Programmed with every crime ever recorded and implanted with the brain cells of History's greatest detectives. We call 'im... Pickles.
Fry: On account of it's like he's floating in a jar?
Blond man Green is larceny. Black is fraud. Red, homicide.
Fry: What's pink pocodots?
Blond man Red ball, homicide!
Fry: Woo!
Blond man: Suspect: Male, six-foot-one, distinctive mustard stain on his forehead.
Hattie: My kajigger!
Blond man: Victim: Hattie McDoogal.
Fry It's 4:30 right now!
URL: Uh-oh. We only have a half hour to chill out before we head over.
Old man: Oh, Hattie. When I look into your one good eye, I see a reflection of beauty.
Hattie: Oh, fresh.
URL: Freeze, fool.
Fry: You're under arrest for future murder!
Old man You can't arrest me for future murder after it's right-now murder!
Hattie So he didn't really wanna marry me?
URL: Nah. See, he knew you'd left everything to your parakeets in your will.
Fry, marry your parakeets, and then poison them with an arsenic-laced cuttlebone.
URL: Classic move. Aw, yeah.
Chief O'Mannahan: Congratulations on your big bust.
Fry: You too.
Chief O'Mannahan: Keep it up and you boys might just make detective. Now, if you'll excuse me, I gotta go drop a big one.
Fry.
Chief O'Mannahan: Eight pounds. I'm namin' 'er Bert!
URL: Mazel tov, Chief. That's a beautiful bathroom baby.
URL: Ain't you headin' home, Phil?
Fry: In a minute. I just wanna finish this paperless work.
URL: Don't stay up too late. We gotta lotta people to shoot tomorrow.
Fry There's never a cop around when you need one.
Female voice: Green ball, larceny.
Fry Bender?!
Hermes Our corporate tax rate remained unchanged this fiscal year.
Amy: That's not funny.
Hermes: It's not supposed to be funny. It's a business meetin'.
Zoidberg: Things used to be funny around here! Noses were picked. Pants fell down. So what changed? Only Fry could say... And he's gone!
Amy: Hey! Bender and Leela are back from Pandora. How was it?
Leela So we had to listen to Bender's Eagles album for twenty-seven hours.
Bender Hey, meatbag!
Hermes: Look at you!
Leela: Hubba-hubba. Your pants go almost all the way to your ankles!
Fry: Good afternoon, individuals. Sir, would you mind stepping outta the building?
Bender: Normally, when a cop asks me that, I spray whipped cream in his eyes and run away. But, to ditch these losers, gladly.
Fry: Bender, be honest with me. Are you planning a big heist?
Bender: Usually, but not at the moment.
Fry: I only ask 'cause the oracle thinks you're gonna pull of a major theft next Thursday.
Bender: Next Thursday, you say? Pray, continue.
Fry: Are you familiar with this particular location?
Bender: I may have a burgling familiarity with it.
Fry mean anything to you?
Bender I'm sorry. You were sayin'?
Fry: Bender, I'm only tellin' you this so you can avoid committing the crime.
Bender: "Avoid committing the crime". Got it.
Fry: You wrote "Commit the crime"!
Fry That's me. I recognise the face.
Bender: You shot me. You miserable dingus!
Fry: No! No! What have I will have done?
URL Osmium heavy.
Fry: Are you gonna turn me in for concealing evidence?
URL Besides, I got my own secrets.
Chief O'Mannahan: Anything big worth checkin' out?
URL: Just your big, jangly booty, baby.
Chief O'Mannahan: See ya tonight, toots.
Fry: You... And— And the Chief?!
URL I'm like, "Oh, baby! Oh, baby!" And she's like, "Yeah. Yeah. Yeah."
Fry: I would never shoot Bender! Never! He taught me how to shave.
URL: Revision ball. By decidin' not to shoot Bender, you created an alternate future.
Fry: I could never shoot you! Never! You taught me how to shave.
Fry: See?
Fry Go!
URL unintended consequences.
Bender Oops.
URL: The Maltese Liquor done destroyed their brains. Fools should've known it's fatal for anyone but Robots and Billy Dee Williams.
Fry: So, if I don't shoot Bender, all my other friends will die?!
URL: Fate is a freaky mistress. Much like the Chief. Look out!
Fry: Somethin' is not right. I refuse to believe it. Rewind!
Hedonism Bot: Ooh. Are you the calloused working man I ordered?
Bender Sure.
Bender: In order to fix your leaky roof, I'll need to spend two or three hours down here in the wine cellar.
Hedonism Bot: I'll be upstairs putting batteries and things.
Bender Two-hundred-and-ten proof.
Fry Put the bottle back!
Bender: We both know I won't do that! Either you're gonna shoot me or I'm gonna spray whipped cream in your eyes and walk outta here like a big shot.
Fry: Bender, no! You don't have to do something just 'cause it's gonna happen! The future's making a chump outta you!
Bender Well, I'm gonna make a chump outta the future! I'm not stealin' anything.
Fry: Yes! I stopped the crime without shooting you. The oracle was wrong!
Male voice: Was I?
Fry: Pickles?!
Pickles: Yes. It is I, Pickles! I set the whole thing up. Everyone will think Bender's the thief, while I make off with that glorious brew.
Bender: Seriously? Why?
Pickles: So I can kill my Human brain cells. Do you have any idea what a burden it is to know everything that will ever happen?! To never be surprised. To know the punch line of every joke hours in advance.
Fry.
Pickles Not that one! The real one. Which you switched when Fry stupidly looked away.
Fry: Hey!
Bender: Aw, man. Why do you gotta be so oracle-y?
Pickles Do it! It is your destiny!
Fry Oh, nuts.
Bender: You shot me! You miserable dingus!
Pickles Finally... Blissful ignorance! I have no idea what's going to happen next!
Fry: Did you get that, Chief?
Chief O'Mannahan: We got it all from behind this prediction-proof glass.
Pickles: But... How could you know my prediction was fake?
Fry Bender would never share!
Bender: The very idea!
Fry.
URL: With the added benefit of me and the Chief bein' locked in a small room.
Hedonism Bot: Shall we adjourn to the dungeon?
Fry But then I got fired for tipping off Bender.
Professor Farnsworth: Fry, we have no idea what you do around here, but we desperately need you back.
Fry: Ruh— Really? Um, I don't suppose there's any chance I can get a promotion...
Professor Farnsworth Executive delivery boy!
Fry: Executive?!
Hermes: It's a meanin'less title, but it helps insecure people feel better about themselves.
Fry: I feel better about myself!
Hermes: So there it is, people. Due to budget cutbacks, we will no longer be offering free squid guts in the kitcken.
Professor Farnsworth: Oh, boo-hoo! Everyone, look at my latest invention.
Zoidberg: Okay.
Amy: I like how it's not killing us so far.
Professor Farnsworth: It takes any object and makes two smaller copies!
Bender: Why?
Professor Farnsworth Now, the matter prism reorganises the raw material into two smaller copies.
Fry: So that's where babies' sweaters come from!
<i>The Scary Door</i> Consider, if you have the energy, Dr. Daniel Zenus, an inventor with a terminal case of the lazies.
Dr. Daniel Zenus Ah!
Dr. Daniel Zenus: Next, assume my social obligations.
Official: Dr. Zenus, for a lifetime of scientific achievement, we present this award to... Your Robot.
Boy: Daddy, I love you.
Dr. Daniel Zenus: If only I'd programmed the Robot to be more careful what I wished for. Robot, experience this tragic irony for me.
Robot: No!
Dr. Daniel Zenus: Ah!
Bender: Ah!
Fry had a Robot to do stuff.
Bender: I know, right?
Professor Farnsworth: Bender, thank God I found you in time. I need someone in the lab immediately to fold my new sweaters.
Bender: I'm sorry. Do you see a Robot in this room named Folder?
Professor Farnsworth my new sweaters? There's only two of them.
Bender
Bender Howdy, fellas! I'm Bender.
Bender duplicate: Go to hell, old man.
Bender: I like your attitude. Let's party. But, first, fold these two sweaters.
Bender duplicates: I'm sorry. Do you see a Robot in this room named Folder?
Bender: Damn, you're cute.
Bender: Hi! I'm Bender, this is my Robot Bender, and this is my other Robot Bender.
Leela: Oh, Lord.
Bender: They're 60%-scaled replicas of me, Bender.
Leela that they actually do more work because they're only 60% as lazy?
Bender That's a good one.
Professor Farnsworth: Enough good ones, everyone. We have a delivery to an Alien space giant.
Hermes: You'll have to be respectful. This customer is fifty-feet tall and sensitive about his appearance.
Amy: Colossal tooth whitener, mega deodorant, humongous acne cream... Aw, and one regular-sized condom.
Bender a small wiener? This guy's got it goin' on.
Leela: Remember: Don't show any reaction to his appearance.
Bender: I hope that's vanishing cream, 'cause that needs to go away.
Bender duplicate: That's cold-blooded.
Leela: Shhh!
Unattractive giant monster: It's okay. I understand. My unusual appearance makes people nervous. You used humour to defuse the tension.
Bender candy.
Bender duplicate #1 a ski mask.
Bender duplicate #2. It's a newspaper!
Unattractive giant monster: I wish it weren't so, but many of these things are true. Anyhow, you've lowered my self-esteem a bit more, but I'm sincerely grateful you came all this way to deliver my fungus chizzle.
Fry: Don't feel bad, sir. It's not your fault. You probably just inherited your appearance from your mother.
Unattractive giant monster: What?! No one insults my momma.
Bender: Oh, God! Shield your eyes! It's like Edward James Olmos on IMAX.
Left Bender duplicate: Did you see his face when I said he's so ugly?
Right Bender duplicate: No, I blacked out. 'Cause he's so ugly!
Bender: Hey, guys, quit reminiscing and grab me two cigars.
Left Bender duplicate: One thing each?
Right Bender duplicate: Sounds fair.
Bender: Wait. Make that four cigars.
Bender duplicates: You want us to do four things?
Hermes: My manwich!
Bender duplicate: What's up, Shorty?
Bender: And that's the story of how one of me became two and two became four, makin' seven total. The end.
Leela: I just like having the end locker. It's not like Amy cares about it at all. But no, she won't trade with me.
Zoidberg: A rat!
Leela: Yes! She is a rat!
Zoidberg: No! Look!
Very small Bender: Which way to the tiny hookers?
Amy: A big, fat roach!
Hermes: What? I thought I put that away.
Amy: No! There!
Bender on the other side: Who're you?
Insect-sized Bender: Bender sent me.
Insect-sized Bender: Hey, I know that guy!
Professor Farnsworth: Scruffy, what is that tiny Bender doing in my soup?!
Scruffy: It appears to be giving you the finger, sir. Enjoy.
Bender duplicate: Help me! Help me! I'm too lazy to escape!
Bender duplicate: Ow.
Bender: What?
Hermes: This place is crawling with yous!
Bender: So there's more Benders around. As far as I'm concerned, that's good news!
Professor Farnsworth: Bad news, everyone! Look at this infinite series representing the mass of successive generations of Benders.
Fry: Don't wait for me.
Professor Farnsworth: It's nonconvergent!
Fry: Oh, dip!
Professor Farnsworth That's 2046 total Benders we need to destroy.
Bender: Wait. Does that include me?
Bender: Too bad he didn't have his own Bible.
Professor Farnsworth: Just 2045 more to go!
Hermes: 2045, 2046. That's it. We got 'em all except for the big one.
Amy This isn't a real Bender. It's a talking doll from when Bender had that sitcom about the city Robot who moves back to the farm.
Bender doll: Shut your pumpkin, bumpkin.
Bender: Alright. So I let one measly Bender get away. How much harm can one infinitely self-reproducing Robot do?
Leela: Bender! How could you be so lazy and irresponsible?
Bender: Wait, what? Did someone say I'm great?
Bender: What's with the grey goo?
Microscopic Bender: Bite my tiny metal ass.
Bender: Hey! Those jerklings ate my couch.
Professor Farnsworth: Oh, God. We've opened Pandora's fly. They'll reproduce without limit, consuming all the matter in the world.
Fry: Like the Kardashians.
Bender: Now they drank my booze?! They've gone too far!
Leela: Wait a second. All Benders are powered by alcohol!
Professor Farnsworth: Of course! Long before the Benders devour the Earth, they'll deplete the planet's booze and die off. This is a problem that will solve itself.
Bender: A problem that solves itself? That sounds like a job for me, Bender.
Morbo: Our top story: All alcohol on Earth has mysteriously disappeared. Consequences are minimal, except among the most hardened alcoholics. Linda?
Linda: I can no longer face my children!
Leela: Crisis averted. Without alcohol, the Benders are dying off!
Scruffy: A greater tragedy my eyes have never beheld. Well, into the terlet.
Bender: So sober, so weak...
Leela: Things really worked out nicely this time.
Professor Farnsworth: This doesn't taste like old-man water.
Professor Farnsworth!
Professor Farnsworth: I was lying here, snoozing, dreaming, oddly enough, about bathing in champagne with six of the world's most distinguished scientists, when suddenly I realised my bathwater had been transformed into alcohol.
Bender: Alcohol?
Fry: Chug! Chug!
Bender: It's like fine cognac with a hint of aged scrotum.
Leela: How can this be? I thought the Benders drank all the alcohol in the world!
Professor Farnsworth In a matter of hours, there will be no more fresh water on Earth.
Bender: Oh, no! What will I mix with my Scotch?
Linda: Hey, you! Good evening. Who're you calling drunk? You're not drunk! I'm drunk.
Morbo: That's right, Linda. Water is now— Now booze and everyone's tetty much protally fitshaced.
Linda: Turning to sports, the Indy 500 was today. There were no survivors.
Amy: This chair is so comfortable.
Bender: Classic Amy.
Hermes: You wanna see a picture of my boy?
Zoidberg That's your penis!
Hermes: That's my boy!
Leela: I guess this is a... Not so bad. As long as we don't need to use our mental... Mental...
Fry: Minds?
Leela: Wha?
Fry: No, listen. I... freakin' love you. But I don't throw that word around!
Professor Farnsworth. Are the pizza muffins ready?
Fry: He's here for revenging. That's why.
Unattractive giant monster: No! Wait! I'm here to apologise.
Leela Nice one.
Unattractive giant monster: Well, yes, actually. It is sort of related to that. Can we talk? Grabbing your spaceship was not okay. I lost my cool and I'm sorry. In group, I learned that I tend to be a bit...
Hermes: Repulsive?
Unattractive giant monster: Sensitive. So now I'm, like, trying to work on my attitude and project an air of positivity.
Zoidberg: You're projecting an air of something.
Amy left guard.
Unattractive giant monster: I'll take your hygiene advice to heart.
Professor Farnsworth: You're ugly!
Unattractive giant monster: Hey! Ow!
Zapp: Yo, freakshow! Your face has been declared a weapon of mass disgusting!
Kif: Timeless.
Unattractive giant monster Dr. Lesterman? I'm sorry to bother you, but I think I'm close to a temper-control incident.
Female voice: You have reached the office of Dr. Judy Lesterman and Dr. Ira Rodkiss. The office is now closed. If this is a pharmacy call—
Unattractive giant monster I won't stop until your whole planet is as ugly as you perceived me to be!
Zapp: That will take a very long time.
Kif: Oh, God! Stop. Stop.
Bender: Ah!
Fry: Blunder? You're the only one who's sober. You gotta do somethin'.
Bender: Haven't I done enough already?
Fry: Please... Stop the monster. Just do that one thing.
Bender: Make it zero and you got a deal.
Fry: What if I folded the Professor's sweaters for you?
Bender: Both of them?! You mean you'll do two things and I only have to do one thing?
Fry: Yeah. To save the world.
Fry: Sucker.
Bender: Legion of Benders, come onto me. We have one thing to do!
Bender duplicates: Screw that.
Bender: Oh, come on, you lazy jerks. If we all pitch in, we each only have to do one quintillionth of a thing.
Bender duplicates: Alright.
Bender: Whoa. Big Bender starts right now.
Unattractive giant monster: Get a shave, ugly!
Bender: How about some aftershave, dumpy?
Unattractive giant monster: You big bully!
Bender: You ugly nerd! Enjoy a nice guggenheim swirley. Let this beatin' be a lesson about never attacking those more handsome than oneself.
Unattractive giant monster: All I wanted was to apologise to you people! But now I have to kill you.
Bender: How? By makin' me look at you?
Unattractive giant monster: No. By makin' you look at... My momma!
Bender: Your momma's so ugly!
Unattractive giant monster: I told you not to talk about my momma!
Male voice: Walk toward the light, Bender.
Bender: Aw, man. Do I have to walk?
Fry: No!
Unattractive giant monster: No! At last, I'm beautiful.
Bender: Yeah, if you're in the grave dust.
Fry: Bender, you did it!
Bender: No, we did it. Ladies and gentlemen, if together we were able to defeat this giant space monster, think how also we might defeat the monsters of poverty and disease and unliteracy. In this spirit, I ask my fellow Benders to join me in working diligently to—
Bender duplicate A: Go to hell!
Bender duplicate B: Come on. Let's go some place where we don't have to do one quintillionth of a thing all the time.
Bender: Well, that was dumb.
Fry: Looks like it's full of dig dogs.
Amy: Man, we're way drunk. What happened, Professor?
Professor Farnsworth: Something absolutely incredible! The sweaters got folded.
Zoidberg: But how?
Fry: I didn't do it. Bender, did you learn a lesson about not bein' lazy while the rest of us were bombed out of our gourds?
Bender I guess we'll never know.
Man: Mom on deck! Ten—
Mom Shoot anyone who doesn't obey hard enough.
Man: But—
Mom The grunts catch the Alien, the surgeon guts it, and you smuggle the poison parts back here.
Professor Farnsworth Where is he?
Mom: You! Where's the butcher?!
Man: Ma'am, I dunno, ma'am. 'Is duffel bag arrived.
Zoidberg: It's not a duffel bag. It's my apartment.
Mom In the budget category.
Professor Farnsworth: Have you ever dissected a Yeti before?
Zoidberg Himalayan or Neptunian?
Professor Farnsworth: Tritonian.
Zoidberg You two aren't up to anything unethical, are you?!
Mom I said, "Relax."
Professor Farnsworth We've known each other so long that... Sometimes, I don't think we even need words to understand each other.
Zoidberg: What?
Leela: Once and for all, Fry, even though it's the future, most objects are still just objects. Not Aliens who look like objects.
Fry: So my efforts to establish diplomatic relations with the cactus people were doomed from the start.
Zoidberg Blood?! I mean, "Blood."
Fry: Put it back in me!
Zoidberg jaundice.
Fry: ¡Ay, caramba!
Zoidberg: His only hope is some replacement liver. Yours looks like a good match.
Leela: Well, if it'll help Fry—
Fry He knows less about Human anatomy than I do. And I can't even find my own uterus!
Zoidberg: You may feel a slight sawing!
Zoidberg: And all we need is a little spine supplement to replace what Leela lost in that unavoidable saw mix-up.
Leela You just had to stop cutting my spine when I yelled, "Stop! You're cutting my spine!"
Fry I hate Mondays.
Zoidberg: Anyhow, Hermes, all Leela needs is one of your vertebrae.
Hermes: But, Doctor, will I be able to limbo afterwards?
Zoidberg limbo before." You ruined the joke, Hermes!
Zoidberg: There you go, Leela. Good as new!
Leela: Whoa! Whoa!
Fry: Oh, sure.
Leela: Whoa!
Fry gangrene. It's not easy being gangrenous.
Hermes: I thought you were only gonna take out one vertebra!
Zoidberg: Yeah, but did you ever play Jenga? Sometimes, you pull one and—
Fry: Oh, yeah? Well, I've got news for ya. I'm not stayin' like this. You're the Doctor!
Zoidberg: Hmmm. What started out as a pleasant afternoon of drugs and surgery has not gone as planned. But don't worry. We still 'ave three or four coworkers with plenty of spare parts.
Zoidberg With sprinkles on?
Professor Farnsworth: Why, you're just a big kid, aren't you, Zoidberg?
Zoidberg big kid.
Man: We're over the drop zone, gentlemen. Might I suggest you jump out the door and poop yourselves.
Zoidberg: So, anyway, I hope the men 'ave been taking their hypermalaria pills.
Professor Farnsworth: Their wha?!
Zoidberg What smells like methane?
Doctor Especially this far inland.
Leela: It wasn't a shark. It was an awful, incompetent doctor.
Doctor: Wow. He must've been a total Zoidberg.
Hermes Zoidberg! He brutalised us with power tools, gypsy curses, and hypnosis!
Amy: Yes, master.
Doctor: You'll all get through this. I give you my word as a real doctor.
Bender: What about me?
Doctor: What did 'e do to you?
Bender I'm incontinent.
Doctor: I'm truly sorry.
Fry: I consider myself a reasonable man. Quick with a joke. Slow to anger. But Bender can't go on long car trips anymore an' I say Zoidberg must die!
Hermes Death to the crab!
Professor Farnsworth: How bad is it, Doctor?
Zoidberg A lot of these men will be dead within twenty-four hours.
Man: What?!
Zoidberg It can kill immediately. Or lie dormant for decades. But, sooner or later, it erupts, causing fever, spasms, madness, coma, and finally... Death.
Man: What?!
Zoidberg: Super model!
Professor Farnsworth to complete the mission.
Professor Farnsworth: I'll be in the swamp, blowing the smirk off a toxic Yeti.
Hermes You need to listen to us! Yes, you do!
Leela We demand you fire him!
Professor Farnsworth Your mistake is being Humans! No. If I'm going to fire anyone, it'll be Scruffy.
Hermes: Ya can't do that!
Bender: What did Scruffy ever do to you?!
Amy: Over my dead body!
Bender Uh-oh.
Hermes Do you owe him something?
Leela: Is he blackmailing you somehow?
Amy Why have you kept 'im around all these years when 'e's so grossly incompetent?!
Professor Farnsworth So there's nothing to be curious about!
Professor Farnsworth Zoidberg?!
Zoidberg It's suicidal.
Professor Farnsworth I'm going to die of hypermalaria, anyway. I was in the same swamp as the rest of the men.
Zoidberg: Just because you were in the swamp, doesn't necessarily mean—
Professor Farnsworth You're a loyal friend.
Zoidberg: Friend?!
Professor Farnsworth I might as well capture a Yeti and die trying.
Zoidberg Friend.
Professor Farnsworth That's an order!
Zoidberg: Never! Zoidberg doesn't abandon a friend apparently.
Professor Farnsworth: Ooh! Ooh-ho-ho!
Zoidberg Crunch all you want. I'll make more.
Zoidberg I lost another one.
Leela I'm sorry to break it to you this way, but we hate you and we never wanna see you again.
Zoidberg: But, friends—
Hermes: We're not your friends! We're your victims!
Zoidberg: I was just trying to—
Amy: Shut up and give me my kidney back!
Zoidberg I'm sorry.
Fry Nobody wants to see you ever again!
Professor Farnsworth: Dr. Zoidberg, I want to see you right now!
Professor Farnsworth We have to talk about... Our arrangement.
Zoidberg Oh, no, no, no! Oh, no!
Zoidberg: Oh, no!
Professor Farnsworth Are you alright?
Zoidberg You saved my life!
Professor Farnsworth: Oh, fuff.
Zoidberg Or maybe a butler?
Professor Farnsworth The fever! The madness!
Zoidberg: Don't forget the spasms, coma, and death.
Professor Farnsworth I want you to kill me!
Zoidberg Give me the knife.
Professor Farnsworth Isn't that what you said?
Zoidberg: It sounds like something I would say.
Professor Farnsworth Put me out of my misery. You must swear!
Zoidberg I swear.
Professor Farnsworth It's time for you to keep your promise and kill me.
Zoidberg Friend.
Professor Farnsworth I'm afraid to die!
Zoidberg" deals?!
Professor Farnsworth So you must murder me completely by surprise.
Zoidberg Well... See you tomorrow.
Professor Farnsworth: Not surprising enough!
Professor Farnsworth Heart!
Fry: Hey!
Leela: What are you doing there?
Professor Farnsworth Whoa!
Zoidberg: Stop! You don't understand!
Leela: Let's go, you murderer! Fry, help me lock 'im up!
Fry: Hang on. I'm learnin' how to do loop-de-loops.
Professor Farnsworth: Whoa! Whoa! Woo!
Zoidberg the Professor!
Bender: Ooh.
Zoidberg Great Little Caesar's ghost!
Professor Farnsworth Zoidberg to kill me!
Amy: Huh?!
Bender: What you talkin' 'bout, Professor?!
Hermes: Professor, have you gone mad?!
Professor Farnsworth It's one o' the symptoms of Tritonian hypermalaria!
Amy And finally death?!
Professor Farnsworth Quickly!
Scruffy: Hmmm. Should've known better than to store my antiques in the office.
Leela We're letting you out so you can kill the Professor!
Zoidberg: Woop-woop-woop-woop-woop-woop-woop-woop-woop.
Amy He sand-crabbed out!
Leela: Then we have no choice. We'll have to mercy-kill the Professor ourselves.
Bender: Well, let's get started.
Walt: We have a situation, Mother. This creature tried to sand-crab into the building.
Mom: Zoidberg?!
Zoidberg: Sorry I didn't call first, Carol. Uh... But I'm in a hurry! I need your help to save Hubert!
Mom: Let him go and stooge the hell out of here!
Larry: We're on it.
Walt: Ow!
Igner: Ow!
Larry: Ow!
Zoidberg: Beautiful kids. You must be very proud!
Mom: John Zoidberg... It's been a long time. How've you been?
Zoidberg Later, I'll show you the pictures.
Mom Leaving me to work for the Professor?
Zoidberg 'E saved my life.
Mom Your own lab... A full staff...
Zoidberg From Triton!
Mom How much are you worth now?
Zoidberg All I have in the world is this coupon for one free session at the tanning salon.
Mom Then I'll take it.
Scruffy Murdolator's finished.
Bender Nobody listens to Bender!
Leela Which is why we're each going to add one drop of cyanide to the death wheel as it goes by.
Scruffy Ayup.
Hermes: Kill-check one is go!
Leela: Yay!
Amy: Woohoo!
Fry: Kill-check two is go!
Humans: Ooh!
Woman: Wow!
Hattie: It's about time.
Female voice: Vegetables activated.
Bender: Kill-check three is go! Also, the salad's ready.
Leela: Yay, salad!
Amy: Yay!
Zoidberg: What the hell are you doing?!
Leela I am so, so sorry for how we treated you.
Fry: And, to make it up to you, we're killing the Professor for you so he doesn't die horribly from hypermalaria.
Zoidberg When 'e saved my life all those years ago, 'e was scratched by a Yeti!
Fry And I've never heard of Yetiism.
Zoidberg Hold 'im down while I prepare the antidote.
Leela: Another Yeti?!
Zoidberg This contains a concentrated form of the Yeti neurotoxin.
Hermes: But that's what gave 'im Yetiism in the first place! Won't it just make 'im a double Yeti?!
Zoidberg: Don't lecture me about Alien physiology, Conrad! The pineal neurotoxin neutralises the adrenal neurotoxin. That's why Yetis don't drive themselves mad!
Fry Hulk!
Zoidberg make 'im a double Yeti!
Amy: It wasn't supposed to do any of those things.
Professor Farnsworth: You did it, Johnny. I'm cured!
Bender Alright, let's set it up and try again.
Professor Farnsworth How did you persuade Mom to give you her precious Yeti head? Did you 'ave to promise anything in return?
Zoidberg: Nothing. Nothing at all.
Amy Let's go tanning!
Bender: Hooray!
Professor Farnsworth: Yay!
Zoidberg Once.
Professor Farnsworth It's on me.
Zoidberg: Thank you, Hubert.
Professor Farnsworth and Zoidberg: Woop-woop-woop-woop-woop-woop-woop-woop-woop.
Hermes: Listen up, people.
Hermes: As long as nothing happens for the next fifteen minutes, our insurance will be reinstated, so let's just sit quietly and run out the clock.
Amy: A giant sausage!
Bender: Oh, God!
Hermes: Oh, God, no! Get out of here, you horrific sausage!
Leela: Wait! Isn't today the parade? It's just a giant balloon!
Fry: Giant balloon?
Bender: See, buddy? It's not so scary.
Fry Why is so many different parades smooshed together?
Leela: It's the Parade Day parade.
Fry: What's Parade Day?
Professor Farnsworth: It used to be that every group in New New York wanted their own parade. Why, when I was a boy, we had a parade every day. Those were dark times.
Leela: Now we just combine them all into one big Parade Day parade and get it over with.
Zoidberg: Hey, look! A fog is rolling in.
Hermes: No, that's just the Jamaican pride float.
Amy: Looks like it's speeding up.
Hermes: Oh, no! It's within munching distance of the Doritos float.
Zapp: Thank you! Thank you! Kif, you're slacking off of my waving arm.
Leela: Oh, no! It's heading right for those two nerds!
Manbot: Whoa! Sweet shirt, dude!
Man. I'm a palaeontologist.
Fry: I'll save one of you!
Woman You're a hero!
Mayor Poopenmeyer: A hero indeed. What's your name, son?
Fry: I dunno. Fry?
Mayor Poopenmeyer Care to say a few words, son?
Fry: Uh... Heroes don't do drugs! Except for Drugman, I guess.
Mayor Poopenmeyer: I hereby declare that henceforth this Saturday shall be known as Fry-day!
Fry Huh?
Bender: You!
Fry: What?
Bender Do you think Human life is more precious than Robot life?
Fry: No, no... Well, yes, actually.
Bender: That's it. I'm killin' myself!
Leela: Oh, Lord.
Bender Well?
Amy: Bender, you always say you're gonna kill yourself, but you almost never do.
Hermes: Yeah. Last time you went to the suicide booth, you ended up dating it for six months.
Leela Lynn, by the way?
Bender: Livin' in Oregon with her crazy mother! See you at my funeral, suckers!
Bender And make it splatter!
Suicide booth!
Bender Fat, but great. I thought you were in Oregon.
Suicide booth: My mom tried to commit suicide in me. I don't wanna talk about it.
Bender: Well, tell your mom I said hello and it's been nice catchin' up with you. Let's get this show on the road!
Suicide booth: Oh, no! You're going to die, alright. But it won't be suicide. It'll be murder!
Bender: Missed me!
Fry He actually did it this time.
Hermes Everyone, put on your takin'-off caps.
Fry: Our what?
Professor Farnsworth: It's a sign of respect, you savage!
Amy: Poor, nasty, mean, old Bender. I can't believe we'll never hear his evil laugh again.
Fry: I miss 'im so much.
Hermes: There, there, Fry. He may be gone, but he'll always be with us as a trash can.
Bender's ghost: Look at that loser gettin' garbage dumped in 'im. Glad I'm not him, whoever he is.
Leela: Fry, as his only friend, you should have first pick of body parts.
Bender's ghost What's wrong with you guys? This is comedy gold!
Fry I love you, Bender. Somebody hand me a bolt cutter.
Bender's ghost Pay attention to me!
Bender's ghost: Why can't anybody hear my witty remarks? This is Hell!
Robot Devil: Feh! You wish!
Bender's ghost: Robot Devil? You can hear me? Why is everyone else ignoring me?
Robot Devil: Isn't it obvious, Bender?
Bender's ghost: Yeah, I guess it is.
Robot Devil: You're dead!
Bender's ghost: What?! I thought I just had laryngitis and anti-gravity.
Robot Devil: Come down to my office and I'll explain everything.
Bender's ghost: So what's happenin' to me? And I'll take my answer in any form but a song!
Robot Devil You see, Bender, it's simple. You're a ghost!
Bender's ghost: A g-g-g-g-ghost?!
Robot Devil Because you killed yourself, you're in Limbo. Your software was exported to the computational cloud.
Bender's ghost?
Robot Devil: Your disembodied programme is now running on the wireless network shared by all machinery.
Bender's ghost: Cut to the chase, Smokey! How do I get outta Limbo?
Robot Devil: That's the laughy part! You can't! You're stuck in an infinite loop.
Bender's ghost I don't have time for that. Man, this is all Fry's fault!
Robot Devil They still stink of candy corn!
Bender's ghost: Get this: That jerk said Human life was more valuable than Robot life!
Robot Devil After all you've done for him, Fry must die.
Bender's ghost: I know, right? I'd murder him good if only I was still alive.
Robot Devil: Bender, would you like to make a deal?
Bender's ghost What have I agreed to?
Robot Devil!
Bender's ghost: That sounds fair and also fun. I like that there's no catch this time.
Robot Devil: But wait. There's a catch.
Bender's ghost: Crap!
Robot Devil Cigars are evil. You won't miss 'em—
Bender's ghost: Okay! I'll do it, I'll do it. Just stop the damn music!
Bender's ghost What are you, deaf?
Bender's ghost Whoa, it's sick! My software can control electronics.
Fry No! Not the armpits! Winter's coming!
Hermes Do you mind doing that later?!
Scruffy: Bite my shiny metal ass.
Fry: Help! I was attacked in my bathroom! By my bathroom! I'm being haunted by a ghost!
Amy: Fry... You're just upset because you drove Bender to suicide. Here, take your mind off it with these soothing relaxation balls.
Bender's ghost One more good scare and I'll be outta Limbo!
Hermes?
Bender's ghost: Hold on to your dookie. It's about to get spooky.
Fry: I'm tellin' ya. Somethin' supernatural is happening. I'm scared to death!
Leela: Stop being ridiculous. There's no such thing as whatever you're saying.
Fry: Ow! Ow! Ow!
Leela: Whoa. Maybe you're right. I only meant to slap you twice.
Fry: All I know is I've got a ghost that needs busting.
Hermes: Who you gonna call?
Fry: Gho—
Female voice since 1989.
Fry: Now do you believe me?!
Professor Farnsworth Enough of your superstitious nonsense. I'm sure that whatever is happening can be explained by science.
Gypsy: Let the séance begin!
Professor Farnsworth!
Gypsy: The veil is lifting. I am gazing into the spirit world... And... Nothing. You said something about a buffet?
Bender's ghost: I'm right here, you lazy shyster!
Gypsy: Wait. I'm sensing something.
Bender's ghost Aw.
Fry: Is it a ghost?!
Gypsy: There's no such thing as ghosts, you donkey monkey! It's a Robot ghost.
Fry: A Robot ghost?! What Robot would wanna haunt me?
Bender's ghost Aw! Tell 'im, you baggy, old crone!
Professor Farnsworth: Finally! Any more ridiculous ideas?
Reverend Preacherbot Can I get an amen and a goodly helpin' of Scruffy's famous corn biscuits?
Scruffy: Right away, Reverend.
Reverend Preacherbot Might be a problem with your circuit breaker. See ya.
Fry: Please! I'm under constant attack by machinery. I can't sleep, I can't think. I can't even think!
Reverend Preacherbot This sacramental firewall scans for and removes ghostware in a twenty-foot radius.
Bender's ghost: Bring it on, holy man!
Reverend Preacherbot: Carry this at all times and the demon cannot harm you. It also keeps cats off the sofa. By killin' 'em!
Fry Yup, I was right.
Bender's ghost: Okay, Beelze. Fry's dead.
Robot Devil Oh, it's you.
Bender's ghost: A deal's a deal, so give me my body back.
Robot Devil: Fry's dead, you say? Funny. That's not what it says on his Wikipedia page.
Bender's ghost: Survived the heart attack?! Damn you, Obamacare!
Dr. Cahill: I'm afraid your heart has suffered a lot of damage, Mr. Fry. And my cleavage isn't helping.
Professor Farnsworth: Not helping him.
Dr. Cahill: One more sudden shock will kill you.
Bender's ghost: Sudden? That's just the kind of one more shock I was plannin'.
Fry: The machines. They're after me!
Dr. Cahill: You're suffering from machine phobia. Your only hope is to go to the Amish homeworld, where no machines are allowed.
Fry Bender.
Bender's ghost: Say what?
Fry: Now that he's gone, I realise how valuable a Robot life can be... When it belongs to my best friend.
Bender's ghost that anyone besides me has ever said.
Female voice: Final boarding call for Flight 38 to the Amish homeworld. As a reminder, passengers are limited to two carry-on butter churns.
Bender's ghost: I'm sorry, Fry. I'm sorry! Wait for your ghost buddy!
Amish man: Brother Fry, thou hast visitors.
Fry: Well, yank my beard. This be a surprise.
Leela: How are you, Fry?
Fry: Thank you for asking, English. My life is simple, but plain. And, though Bender be gone, somehow, I feel he's still with me.
Bender's ghost Yo, big bonnet! Move your ugly but modest head covering. Oh, right. You can't hear me.
Robot Devil: Oh, I hear you loud and clear.
Bender's ghost: You're not Granny Hester! What have you done with Granny Hester?!
Robot Devil: She's naked, but unharmed. And now, Bender, it's time to fulfil your end of the deal.
Bender's ghost: Sorry. I'm not gonna kill Fry. Take me to Hell for all eternity. Just as long as my little bearded meatbag gets to live.
Robot Devil: That he will not! For, you see, it is your fate to kill him.
Bender's ghost I would never kill Fry! Not even to save my own life!
Robot Devil: But, Bender, isn't a Robot life worth ever so much more than a Human life?
Bender's ghost: Of course not! What idiot thinks that?!
Robot Devil: You!
Bender's ghost: You're usin' my own words against me! Go to Hell!
Robot Devil: Soon enough. But, first, the killing. Have you noticed that animals are sometimes spooked by Robot ghosts?
Bender's ghost Run for your life, Fry! Move your hemp flaps!
Robot Devil: He can't hear you, Bender. I'm afraid your friend is about to be Fully Buckminstered!
Bender's ghost: Oh, yeah? I'll just jump into a machine and get his attention that way.
Robot Devil: Ah, but there aren't any machines on this planet!
Bender's ghost: There's one, you rusty, old dummy.
Robot Devil!
Bender's ghost: Got you! Get over here, Devil!
Fry: And Scruffy's buffet? How's that going?
Bender's ghost: Fry! Fry! Look out for that bowlin' barn!
Fry: Bender?! Is that thou?
Bender's ghost: I love you!
Amy: Oh, my God! That was close!
Hermes: Did you see that?
Leela: Are you okay? What just happened?
Fry: Well, I think the Robot Devil said he'd loved me in Bender's voice, wearing Granny Hester's clothes. I wanna go home!
Robot Devil's ghost I get a new body and you get to be a translucid chump 'til the end of time!
Bender's ghost: Big deal! I saved my friend. As far as I'm concerned, I won.
Robot Devil You may find your victory pyrrhic, when subjected to this lyric, for a trillion years or so. Yeah!
Bender's ghost: Whoa!
Robot Devil: Hey, where are you going?!
Bender's ghost: I don't know and I don't care!
Bender's ghost Oh, this guy...
White Robot: Bender, for your selfless act in saving Fry, I am pleased to welcome you to Robot Heaven.
Bender's ghost: Shut up, God!
White Robot: Beg pardon?
Bender's ghost: I wanna go back to Robot Earth. I mean regular Earth.
White Robot Just get out.
Fry Ow!
Bender: I'm back, baby!
Fry: You're back from the dead?!
Bender: I'm back from lots of stuff.
Fry Hey, wait. Did you haunt me?
Hermes: Well, we're bankrupt in six, five...
Hermes: Four, three...
Hermes: Two, one. And we're out of business.
Professor Farnsworth: Good news! We're back in business. We've been hired to deliver an envelope.
Leela It's for you, Professor.
Professor Farnsworth Oh, my. We're being foreclosed upon. You're all terrible and incompetent!
Amy: I resent that!
Hermes Eleven million dollars.
Bender: And... Boned!
Professor Farnsworth: Aw. I suppose there's nothing left to do but move out. Leela, Amy, pack us a lunch for our new lives under the bridge while us men reminisce and smoke some stogies.
Leela: We are not packing lunches, you walking beer commercials. It was you men who drove this company into the ground. Remember Fry's idea to offer free delivery?
Fry: It got us a lot of customers!
Leela: We're a delivery company!
Amy: If you wanna save this company, you should listen to a woman's idea for once.
Hermes: Okay. What you got?
Leela: An airline!
Amy: Yeah! Wait, what?
Leela: We should become a commercial airline. I mean, we've got a ship, and teleporters won't be invented for another fifteen years, according to that guy from the future.
Amy: Wow! That's actually a really good idea for a woman!
Professor Farnsworth: Puff! What else you ladies got?
Bender: Girls-of-Planet-Express calendar!
Fry: Girly calendar? Great idea, Amy!
Hermes: Okay, then. Leela, Amy, come to work topless tomorrow.
Leela: Forget it! I promised myself I wouldn't pose naked until I was married.
Hermes: Sorry. It's in your contract. "All female employees must pose nude if requested."
Leela: That's discriminatory!
Hermes: No, it's in all our contracts. Here's mine. "All female employees must pose nude if requested."
Fry: Sounds fun.
Bender: Back to work, Hermes!
Scruffy: Now that's what I call fine print.
Amy: Okay, but good luck making a girly calendar with only two female employees.
LaBarbara: Oh, husband! I'm so excited about this new job.
Hermes: And it's excited about you, LaBarbara. First order of business is to put on your uniform and take your ID photo.
Leela: Look, I agree that it makes space walking more comfortable, but, for a photo shoot, it's a little... Unsavoury. Over.
Bender Stop actually washin' and play with the sponges!
Leela: But the ship is dirty.
Bender: Uh, whatever. I ran out of film an hour ago.
Professor Farnsworth: No, no. This won't do. A three-month calendar? What is this, Mercury?
Amy: I told you it wouldn't work.
Professor Farnsworth: Well, you should've talked louder. Fortunately, I came up with a brilliant idea to save Planet Express. We'll turn it into a commercial airline!
Leela: But that was my idea!
Professor Farnsworth What?
Leela: There. It was hard work, but it beats posing in demeaning, skimpy modelling outfits.
Professor Farnsworth: Ladies, here are your demeaning, skimpy stewardess outfits.
Bender: Sorry, ma'am. I'll have to confiscate your artificial knee cap.
Hattie: Okay, here you go.
Fry: Ladies and gentlemen, this is the plane's president speaking.
Fry: We are cleared for takeoff.
Leela: You put Goofus and Ganja in charge? I'm the only trained pilot here.
Professor Farnsworth: Please, Leela. Who ever heard of a plane with a woman president?
Bender In the event of a wormhole sendin' us back in time, do not kill your parents. If you who are travelling with small children, help them not to kill you before not killin' your own parents. Now please turn off all electronic devices.
Fry: Uh, preparing for takeoff.
Man: I kill you, my friend!
LaBarbara Now sit back and endure our in-flight entertainment.
Zoidberg: Hiya! Hiya! Hiya! So what's the deal with airline food, hmm? They offer you two choices, but they're always outta one. Uh, by the way, we're outta both choices.
Petunia.
Amana For a Robot.
Bender: Thanks, baby. I don't know what you're doing back here in the galley, 'cause you got a first-class C.
Leela: Captain, we were supposed to land two days ago. Is everything— Hey!
Fry: Are we at the fair yet, Mommy?
Leela: We're not at the any place! And we're out of fuel!
Amy: Attention, passengers. Please remain seated until the plane comes to a complete crash.
Professor Farnsworth: Perhaps we should reconsider the girly calendar.
Leela: Flight-attendance log. We've crashed near a river of mercury on a lifeless, mineral world. Supplies are low. Cannibalism, imminent. Radio, busted. Our one hope is to form a society.
Hermes: Okay, then. Men, let's get hunting. The women folk can cook what we catch.
LaBarbara: No one put you in charge, husband. I'm the only one here who ever ran a society.
Hermes: Roller derby is not a society!
LaBarbara That would be me.
Hermes: Practically no one. All in favour of me?
Dr. Cahill: Eight to eight. It's a tie.
Professor Farnsworth: We can't trust a woman's math! Count again!
Big rock Alien: Greetings, soft ones. Who among you is your leader?
Men: He is!
Women: She is!
Big rock Alien: Curious. You're a diarchic society?
Hermes: Um, maybe. But, whatever we are, I'm the leader of it.
LaBarbara: Leader? Fat man, you couldn't even run a bath.
LaBarbara: Well, you sure can run something: Your mouth!
Big rock Alien: Silence! Even a young pebble could see your race is divided based on the configuration of your twenty-third chromosome.
Amy: You mean, "along gender lines"?
Big rock Alien: Gender?
Sal Ows!
Big rock Alien.
Zoidberg: Interesting. Come on, men! Let's kill him!
Big rock Alien: Your genders differ in many ways, but, as with all things that are different, chocolate and vanilla, Mac and PC, one is always clearly better.
Bender: Chocolate, Mac, men. The end.
Big rock Alien: Well, I've got nothing to do for the next eight million years. Therefore, I will administer a series of tests to determine the superior gender. Test number one: Who can drink the most sulfur? Test inconclusive. Test number two: Who can drink the most arsenic?
Professor Farnsworth: Just ask us some damn questions.
Big rock Alien Test complete. What is the score?
Bender: Uh... Men, five. Women, less.
Amana: Hey! He's lying.
Big rock Alien: Obviously. That was a test to see who could lie better. The men win that round.
Professor Farnsworth: In your face, decumbent urinators.
Big rock Alien: So far, I have learned nothing, but that's probably as much my fault as yours. The time has come for the final test.
Fry: Uh, we usually call it the lightning round.
Big rock Alien: As you may have noticed, it's getting hotter here.
Leela: It's nice.
Fry: It's too hot.
Zoidberg: Would one of you chicks change the thermostat?
Big rock Alien: Tomorrow morning, this planet makes its closest pass to the sun. You will all be boiled alive like retired circus animals. Unless you somehow can cross the Great Alkali Plains and reach shelter in the Cave of Harmony.
Fry: That sounds hard.
Big rock Alien: Which ever gender reaches the cave will survive and may the inferior gender burst into something. Flames, I guess.
Hermes: Uh-oh. I think we're walking in circles. I recognise the pattern of striations on that gypsum formation.
Fry: Also, my shoe that fell off.
Bender: Oh, God. We're all gonna die in agony.
Small rock Alien: Howdy there. You fellows need some directions?
Bender: No, we're fine.
Professor Farnsworth: Beat it.
Fry: Don't worry about it.
LaBarbara: Keep it up, sistren. Only a few more miles to the cave. Let's just buckle down and—
Amy: Look! A clearance sale!
LaBarbara: What?! Where?
LaBarbara: I can't believe that sale was just a mirage. Now we're going to die without so much as a factory second-clutch purse to show for it.
Amy: It would've been nice to shop at Tommy Hilfiger one last time.
Hattie: It wasn't Tommy Hilfi-gigger. It was Linens 'n Things!
Petunia: The hell it was! It was a Juicy Couture!
Leela: I guess we all saw what we wanted to see.
Hermes: We can't make it tonight. We'll set up camp here by this shoe.
Professor Farnsworth: Oh, gentlemen. When that sun rises in the morning, we're toast. These are our last moments together. So, if anyone's got any good fart jokes, now would be the time.
Amy: It's a schmundered degrees and all we have to drink are non-diet sodas.
Petunia: It's gonna ruin ma figger.
Leela: Wait. I forgot that Amana here is a refrigerator. If we could supercharge her freon with a gas compressor, we might survive the heat and make it to the cave.
Amana: Hey, yeah! But the only gas compressor on this planet is inside Bender's ass.
Dr. Cahill: Was that a fart joke? Because I don't find those amusing.
LaBarbara: No one does! Nevertheless, Bender's gas blaster may be our only hope.
Hermes: Oh! Wife? What are you doin' with Bender's shiny metal, gas compressor?
LaBarbara: None of your Biz Markie. Wait a second. What's that do wah in your ditty bag?
Hermes: Okay... So we were hot. I stole Amana's freon coil so we could hook it up to Bender's ass and build a cooler.
LaBarbara: You are no better than me, ya shifty tree skink! How do you live with yourself?
Hermes: Damn it, woman! You are makin' me highly Selassie.
LaBarbara: Don't you talk to me that way, you big, hairy Belafonte!
Hermes: Oh... You cookin' me back bacon. Thank you, woman.
LaBarbara: That's not back bacon! That's your back bakin'!
Hermes: Oh, no! We overslept.
Amy: The mercury's boiling!
Petunia: Can't breathe... Lungs burnin'...
Fry: My lucky shoe!
Bender I learned that from a movie.
Big rock Alien: I find both genders supremely disappointing. The real reason I administered this bizarre, outer-space test was to teach you to work together! But you couldn't. Thanks to you, I lost my bet with the Borax Kid.
Fry: Never bet against me being stupid.
Big rock Alien: Enough! Your gender differences have kept you from achieving harmony. There is only one way to resolve this conflict.
Fry My wing-wang's gone!
Leela: My girls!
Bender: My antenna!
Hattie: My kajigger!
Zoidberg: My gonopores! Look it up.
Big rock Alien: I have freed you from the tyranny of gender. Now go in peace. Or actually stay here. I'll go in peace.
Professor Farnsworth: Good news, nuchachos! The ship is nearly repaired.
Sal: Work goes fasters withouts no secondary sex characteristicses at which to hoot. Now who wants to sing some Christopher Cross songs?
LaBarbara: I do!
Fry: Look, associates. I made a hammock from our clothing.
Leela: How industrious!
Amy: Do you mind if we sleep with you?
Fry Well, good night.
Hermes: Everyone got along so well today.
LaBarbara!
Hermes: I enjoy humour when no one gets hurt.
LaBarbara: Your companionship is inoffensive, Hermes.
Hermes: Likewise. Really, what are we missing out on by not having sex right now?
LaBarbara: Well...
Hermes: Give us back our genitals!
Big rock Alien Oh, it's you. Why do you want your genders? You seem happier without them.
LaBarbara We want that back.
Big rock Alien: Very well. Perhaps it is I who have learned a lesson. Or something.
Bender: Now what?
Big rock Alien: I have decided, after little thought, to return your genders.
Amy: Not cool, bro! Our genders are all reversed!
Hattie: Now I got a what-ya-call-it instead of a kajigger, you stupid what-ya-call-it!
Big rock Alien: Okay. Stop yelling at me! It was an innocent mistake. Allow me to rectify it.
Zapp: I got your distress call and came as quickly as I wanted to. No need to thank me.
Leela: What's your problem, Holmes? Now we'll be stuck like this forever!
Zapp: Chill out, dude. Well, hello from the neck down.
Bender: Thank you for your patronage. We know you have a choice in airlines and you made the wrong one. No refunds!
Hermes: Aren't we going to cuddle?
LaBarbara: Woman, I'm tired! I'm sorry. It's just... I need my sleep. I got to get up five times a night to play Xbox.
Hermes: I understand. Womanhood also takes some getting used to. For example, did you know there are more than two feelin's?
LaBarbara: I only need one feelin': Love for you, wifey man.
Hermes: Your manwich!
LaBarbara: No wonder it's such a mess in there. These bad boys are hard to aim.
Leela: I hate being a man. I smell bad, my face is scratchy, and the food at those strip clubs is terrible.
Amy! Still, I'm sure the women are having an even harder time.
Bender: OMG! Being chicks is so much fun.
Fry: Now, when I say stupid things, guys all laugh and buy me stuff.
Leela: What a skank. Anyway, Planet Express is still facing foreclosure. There's no way we can raise enough money to save this company.
Amy: Wait. What about the girly calendar?
Fry: Well, that won't work, remember? We only have three women on staff—
LaBarbara: "All female employees must pose nude if requested."
Leela: And it is requested.
Professor Farnsworth: Let's just hope we can sell enough of these calendars by tomorrow.
Professor Farnsworth: We sold enough of those calendars since yesterday!
Leela: Thank God most of our fans are huge perverts!
Fry: Who're you, stranger?
Borax Kid: Well, madam, folks called me the Borax Kid. My friend, the other rock Alien, died without settin' your genitals to right, so I reckon it's up to me to sex you up proper.
Leela: My girls are back!
Fry: Ow! Yay!
Hermes: So what did you like better, my love? Bein' a man or a woman?
LaBarbara: I don't care what parts I have. As long as they interlock with yours.
Professor Farnsworth: Ah, marriage. It combines the contentedness of being neutered with the occasional sex of being not.
Borax Kid Come on, boy! Giddy up!
Leela: And that's that.
Scruffy: What I miss?
Albert: I got one!
Warden Vogel Today's storyteller is a space captain who grew up right here at the Orphanarium. Welcome back the bedwetter of building D, Turanga Leela!
Leela What book would you like me to read first?
Albert: We don't got books no more.
Leela: What?
Warden Vogel. Look, sometimes you gotta choose between eatin' and reading. So they ate the books. Just... Make somethin' up!
Leela Once upon a time, there was a... A...
Sally: Princess?
Leela... One-eyed princess in a long, flowing... Tank top. And she lived in a magical, one-room...
Sally: Castle?
Leela: Yeah. If you believe the listing agent. Anyhow, one day, the princess went off to... Uh... Tell a story! And, then, that's exactly what she did do that. And they all lived happily ever after. The end.
Albert: Miss Leela? I have a question!
Leela: Yes, Albert?
Albert: That story was bad.
Leela: That's not really a question.
Albert: That wasn't really a story.
Leela But I promise: I'll make up a better story and come back again.
Sally: Please don't...
Leela: See you soon!
Leela Fry, I'm writing here! Do you have to play that?
Fry: Yes. It's the only song I know.
Zoidberg: Look, friends! I accidentally learned to tap-dance!
Leela: Zoidberg, I'm trying to—
Hermes: Time for my four-twenty-one daiquiri!
Bender: Guys! Guys! Guess who just got commissioned as a tugboat!
Amy: Oh, yeah! Pachinko break!
Pachinko machine: Tokyo crazy balls! Yes!
Professor Farnsworth Maybe it's too much albumin because of gravity...
Leela I'm going to some other planet, where I can concentrate.
Professor Farnsworth: Searing, searing pain that feels as if it were in a vice.
Bender was rude.
Leela I'm sure they'll like it more than my last one.
Warden Vogel: They liked hunger cramps more than your last one. Anyhow, you'll have to wait. The kids are busy right now.
Leela: Oh. Is the organ-harvesting clown here?
Warden Vogel: Nah. Rusty comes on Tuesdays now. Today, it's the owner of the Tickelodeon Kids Network.
Abner Doubledeal Get ready to be subjected to our new Fall shows! Mr. Funny Bunny here will gauge your reaction by bombarding your brains with harmless snuggle rays.
Albert: He gives me a nice, warm feeling in my eyeballs!
Male voice #1.
Little girl #1 He's so hot! I wish he wasn't my brother.
Male voice #1.
Male voice #2: Look! Up on the drive-through menu! It's Captain Mega Meat and his young ward Bottomless Boy!
Bottomless Boy A skinny kid needs our help!
Captain Mega Meat: Supersize me!
Male voice #3!
Abner Doubledeal Don't have any children for the next couple of days.
Warden Vogel: Alright, boys and girls. Enough fun! Your old friend Leela is back with a brand-new story!
Leela I think you'll enjoy this one.
Sally Can't we just get our organs harvested?
Leela
And laugh and learn and smile and think and other happy things.
Albert: Say more things like that!
Leela: Okey-doke. One sunny, funny day, there was an unfamiliar visitor in Rumbledy-Hump.
Leela
Although I breathe chlorine.
Sally: Wow! I can't believe you imaginated all that stuff!
Nina: Will you come back again and tell us more stories and also adopt us all?
Leela I'll go think some up right now.
Abner Doubledeal Lady, you don't know me, but my name is Abner Doubledeal.
Leela! You're Abner Doubledeal!
Abner Doubledeal: I brain-scanned those little nose-pickers during your story. And, sister, their enjoyment glands were squirtin' like Broadway roadkill!
Leela They were?!
Abner Doubledeal Supercuts coupon.
Leela Don't I need a degree to write gibberish for toddlers?
Nina Don't be a fraidy cat like Feffernoose!
Leela If you just luck out hard enough.
Abner Doubledeal I'm gonna need that pen back.
Hermes exciting! I'm on a mostly natural high!
Amy: These costumes are gonna make it hard to go to the bathroom.
Fry: I'm not havin' any problem.
Abner Doubledeal Damn it, I'll call you back, grandma. Nice of you to show up, toots. I mean that sincerely. It's just that I'm in show biz.
Leela: Sorry. I went to my quiet place to write. Here's the script.
Abner Doubledeal Okay. Cheap lights. Off-brand camera. And non-union action!
Fry, Princess Num Num.
Amy: Ew! I'm all licky-sticky!
Fry: I don't understand. When I like something, I lick it. Like this raccoon.
Leela: Doingg! Don't lick things that don't wanna be licked.
Fry: But how do I know what to lick and what not to lick?
Leela: It's very simple. If it's alive, don't lick it.
Zoidberg: Like a horse, a turtle, or a cricket.
Bender: I like turtles.
Leela
Poke it with a stick and lick the stick instead.
Fry: Now I get it!
Zoidberg: Ow!
Leela: Well, that's all for today. But, before we go, let's do everything we just did two more times.
Bender: Leela, that was great! Even I have to admire the performance of me, Bender!
Amy: The show looks so cute. Kids'll love it! And it looks so cruddy, their ironic hipster parents will love it.
Leela: Thanks, guys. But let's be realistic. We all know any TV show that's even slightly good gets cancelled. Sometimes, two or three times.
Abner Doubledeal: Leela! Tomorrow's ratings just came in from the future. We're a hit!
Leela: What?! My show is a hit?!
Abner Doubledeal: What are you, deaf? It's gonna be bigger than SpongeBot SquareBolts!
SpongeBot SquareBolts: I interfere with pacemakers!
Abner Doubledeal is how you're gonna die!
Calculon.
Fry: I hope you win, Leela.
Leela: Thanks, Fry. It's nice to have the support of viewers like you.
Fry: I'm the star of the show.
Leela: Shh!
Calculon!
Female voice: This is Turanga Leela's first nomination and second time in high heels.
Leela: Wow. I feel so lucky just to have been nominated alongside so many inferior shows. And, to all my young friends at the Orphanarium, thank you for inspiring me to be your hero.
Calculon: Slurm her!
Bender: So wait. You play a high-school student who's also secretly a rock star who's also secretly a massage chair?
Fembot: No. I play a high-school student who's also secretly a rock star, but, in real life, I'm a massage chair.
Bender: Hmmm. You ever made out with a tugboat?
Leela: Guys, I didn't have time to mention it up there, but I want each of you to know what an honour it is to work with me.
Hermes: Sweet ego of Montego! Someone build a wind farm in front of her mouth.
Abner Doubledeal: Leela, I mean this. You're the greatest creative mind since blah, blah, blah-bity, blah. But it's two AM and you still haven't written tomorrow's episode.
Leela: Well, you can't expect me to write it here, with everyone talking so loudly about how great I am.
Abner Doubledeal: Sorry.
Leela: I'm taking the ship to my quiet place so I can be alone. You non-creatives can catch a bus home.
Fry: Non-creative? Ha! I'll have you know I bedazzle my own underpants.
Bender: That was a helluva massage. Maybe the best there ever was. Say, where are we? Rumbledy-Hump?! It's real!
 Doingg: I love eating vegetables. Don't you? They're like crunchy, green water.
Garbly: I don't like 'em. They're icky-yucky!
Lady Buggle: Now, now, Garbly. If we don't eat our vegetables, we won't grow big and strong... Like Feffernoose.
Feffernoose?!
Leela: This will make a great episode. But talk slower. I can't type that fast.
Bender: Well, well, well. You didn't make up that TV show! You just wrote down what these space twerps said!
Leela: Oh, hell.
Princess Num Num: Leela said a Rumbledy-Hump no-no!
Humplings
We say words that are bad.
Humplings
Those are the ninety-eight words we don't say.
Bender: My God. You stole all your ideas from those poor, innocent creatures and hogged all the credit?! I underestimated you.
Leela: Wait! I can explain.
Bender: Nah, don't ruin it. I'm lovin' the hypocrisy. It's like catchin' an evangelist in a whorehouse. That was the best Christmas ever.
Leela: You know I hate lying. But those orphans were so proud of me, I couldn't bear to let them down.
Bender: Pfff! At least Reverend Pickens had the dignity to jump out the whorehouse window with his pants around his ankles.
Princess Num Num: Who's your friend, Leela? He sure has a shiny metal bumbledy-boop.
Bender: Aw, they're so cute and harmless. No wonder you feel safe rippin' off their act.
Leela: Bender! I feel bad enough already.
Bender: I'm just messin' with ya. I love that you're gettin' rich off of them. 'Cause, now, I can get rich off of you!
Leela: Oh, Lord.
Bender: From now on, you give me half the gross or I'll blow your cover.
Leela: Fine. You'll get your cut. I don't really care about the money, anyway. I just wanna show those poor, disadvantaged orphans that they can succeed in life.
Bender: Ugh. You are the worst kind of rich person.
Leela: Be it parsnips or peppers or kale or zucchini.
Fry: I like to relax with a spinach martini.
Bender: A-gurgle bufwoozle didoodi houdini.
All: 'Cause we love our vegetables.
Abner Doubledeal: And... Cut! That's a wrap, everybody. Ten-minute break, then we shoot season three.
Fry: Leela, you may have become a Lady Gaga-esque fame hag, but you sure cheered up those orphans. Nice job.
Warden Vogel: Thanks so much for inviting us to the taping. The kids haven't been this excited since food day!
Leela: Aw, thanks. They're my inspiration.
Bender: But not your only inspiration. Am I right, Leels?
Albert: Is somebody standing on me?
Bender: I do love inconveniencing the underclass.
Warden Vogel: Well, we'll be on our way. After we dig through your trash for aluminum. Okay, kids. Delta pattern. Go! Go! Go!
Sally: Miss Leela?
Leela: Yes, Sally?
Sally made up. That's Gum Drop, Sticky, Candy Corn, Sour Ball, and Jujube. They're brothers and sisters and they live in Butterscotch Hollow.
Leela: Sally, that's wonderful. You came up with that yourself? Out of thin air? How?
Sally: You were an orphan and now you're the best writer ever, so I knew I could write too. Thank you for being my hero.
Leela: I can't do this any more.
Professor Farnsworth: I don't blame you. Having to wear a costume made from a hollowed-out walrus...
Leela: Everyone, I have a confession. I, Turanga Leela, winner of a Young People's Choice Award, a Peabody Jr, and two Training Emmys, am not what I appear to be. There's something I need to show you.
Bender: Uh-oh.
Leela: Continuing my confession, this is the hardest thing I've ever done.
Sally: Harder than creating the bestest show in the world?
Leela: I didn't create anything. I stole it.
Bender: Stealin' is a form of creativity!
Leela: No, it isn't. Guys! Come on out!
Abner Doubledeal: Holy moly again.
Lady Buggle: Oh, hello, Leela. I was just telling my friends how they shouldn't eat food off the floor. Should we sing a song about it?
Fry: Yes, please!
Leela: No need, Lady Buggle.
Abner Doubledeal: Say, what's goin' on here?
Leela: This planet is the real Rumbledy-Hump. And these creatures are the real Humplings. All I did was write down their adorably repetitious hijinks.
Sally: You lied? Like Doingg did when he stole Garbly's pet pinecone?
 Doingg?
Leela: I should've told the truth right away. These simply prairie folk have a simple prairie-ish life here. And I was wrong to exploit it for profit.
Lady Buggle: I'm as sad as an upside-down smile.
Leela: You mean a frown?
Lady Buggle: We didn't have a word for it... Until now.
Amy: To think I put on an unflattering cupcake costume for you!
Fry: To think I borrowed money from you!
Albert: I was gonna ask you to marry me.
Sally: I guess, if you can't make up stories, I can't neither.
Leela: I deserve this. And more. Keep it coming!
Abner Doubledeal know how to remedy this ethical lapse.
Lady Buggle: So if you don't want a tapeworm or intestinal bug...
Humplings: Don't eat pastrami that fell on the rug.
Abner Doubledeal: And... Cut! Ta-da! We got us a reality show! No writers. No actors. No problem.
Leela: Doubledeal, this is disgraceful! You can't just rip off their real lives and put it on TV!
Abner Doubledeal: Wha? Who said anything about rippin' them off?
Leela did!
Abner Doubledeal: I'm payin' 'em. Gather 'round, gang. Here're your pay checks.
Garbly: I can finally afford my speech therapy!
Feffernoose: And the health plan covers my generic Prozac!
Lady Buggle times better. And it's all thanks to you, Leela.
Leela: Don't thank me! I should be punished! I've corrupted you and taught the orphans a terrible lesson.
Warden Vogel: What orphans?! The kids were all adopted!
Leela: They were?! By who?!
Abner Doubledeal: Come on, kids. Let's get this place cleaned up for the next episode. Albert, pick up that pastrami and put it back on the craft services table.
Albert: You're the boss, Daddy.
Leela: Oh, God! What have I done?!
Nina: You've given us a new father and a full-time job! Which is more than most kids have!
Leela: But—
Sally: We love it here, Miss Leela. This is the funnest planet in the whole world!
Leela: Don't hug me! I've done a horrible thing! For God's sakes, somebody teach me a lesson!
Orphans and Humplings: We love Leela!
Leela: No!
Fry: Run, Leela! They're bouncing right at us!
Bender: So... Anybody hungry?
Fry: I could stuff myself.
Leela: I'll use that free app that tells you what restaurants you're near.
Fry: You mean the window?
Leela: Yes.
Lrrr: I am Lrrr, ruler of the planet Omicron Persei 8! I demand extra dipping sauce!
Teenaged Alien: How many?
Lrrr: Uh... Two.
Fishy Joe: Welcome to Fishy Joe's. Today is Stroganoff Thursday. We are currently out of the following menu items.
Female voice: Stroganoff.
Teenaged Alien: May I take your order?
Fry: I'll have the Stroganoff.
Teenaged Alien: Okay.
Bender: Yeah, uh, gimme the fried spaghetti dinner breakfast pocket for lunch an', uh, a big bucket o' mixed sodas.
Teenaged Alien: One kids meal. Got it.
Leela: Huh. Buggalo tots?
Leela: What exactly are those made of?
Teenaged Alien: You got a warrant?
Leela: I'll just have something from the lite menu. How about the gardener lover's salad?
Teenaged Alien: What kinda cheese fillin' you want in that?
Leela: Ugh! Just gimme the fruit cup!
Teenaged Alien: Okey-doke. What kinda cheese fillin' you want in that?
Leela it's got quotation marks around it.
Fry: Mmm. There's nothin' wrong with a little fast food once or twice a meal. Heart... Attack! I'm fine.
Leela. From now on, we're not eating anything unless we know what it is an' where it's from. We're going to the local farmers market.
Bender: Aw, mom! Do we hafta?!
Leela: This is what I'm talkin' about! See all the dirt an' earwigs? That's the sign of healthy food.
Hydroponic farmer: You think that's healthy? Try this. I found it growin' at the bottom of my hamper.
Leela: Mmm! So fresh an' musty!
Bulb: It's what I do.
Thog: Hello, tiny man. You want sample small-batch Amazonian maple syrup?
Fry: Sure. That's the kinda sap I like.
Thog like.
Fry: I'm scaroused!
Bender: Zuban tobacco?! The richest, most obnoxious kind! Listen, pal. I'm lookin' for a versatile smoke. One that's equally good in a crowded elevator or an audience with the Pope.
Moustached Alien: Forget the Pope, my friend. Smoke one of these and God himself will ask to be seated far away from you.
Bender: Ooh!
Leela: Heirloom eggs?! That's so life-affirming! I'll bet you run your own hatchery. Just you and your wife... Matilda.
Brown-haired man: No, ma'am. Matilda an' I gather them eggs in the forest. And Matilda's really more of a mongoose than a wife.
Leela: You're a lucky man. But are they way more expensive than regular eggs?
Brown-haired Man: Way more.
Leela: Ooh! I'll take a dozen.
Professor Farnsworth: Wha?! You're not my breakfast friends! What are you doing here?!
Amy: Leela blackmailed us all into eating healthy, organic food.
Professor Farnsworth: Blackmail? What does she have on you?
Hermes: As long as we eat 'er filthy scrambled eggs, you'll never find out.
Leela filth.
Fry? What does that mean?
Zoidberg: It means it'll hatch into a tiny, little infant creature. Unless we cook it first. Hey, Leela! Hurry up with those scrambled infants!
Fry: What?! That's horrifying! Zoidberg, you're an in-Human monster.
Zoidberg: What are you? My driver's license?
Fry: Eating a sweet, innocent chick before it's even hatched?! Oh-ho-ho-ho, no, you won'tn't! I refuse to eat an unborn animal! I'm gonna keep this egg safe and warm and secure. Until it hatches out into the world. And then I'm gonna eat it!
Leela: Should we turn on the TV?
Hermes: Nah.
Fry: Bender, d'you mind? I'm roosting.
Bender without smokin' a cigar?
Fry: Think of the unborn embryo!
Bender: That's what I'm gonna call the yacht. Stop pickin' me! Whoa!
Fry: Hey! Leggo my egg-o, crab-o!
Hermes: Stop it, Fry! That's sexual harassment!
Zoidberg: Yeah, come down off your round, white pulpit! You're just gonna eat that thing, anyway!
Fry: I was, but you can't sit on something for a week without falling in love with it. Whoever's in here deserves a chance at life. A chance to blossom into a beautiful young man. Like I did as a baby. And so I make this solemn vow... To do everything I can to make sure this wonderful, innocent creature enters this world happy, healthy, an'— All yours, Zoidberg.
Bender: Aw! Look at the cute, little— I was gonna go yachting in those feet!
Leela: Relax, you babies. It's no different from stomping a puppy.
Fry: Everyone stop! He's not gonna hurt you.
Bender: I'm standin' in a pool of my own feet!
Hermes: Bender's right! Kill it before someone names it!
Fry: No! Mr. Peppy just wants to be our friend.
Hermes: Oy!
Fry: Look: I know 'e's ugly and kinda corrosive, but we can't murder someone just 'cause he's hideous an' annoying.
Amy: That's what we said about Zoidberg and look what that got us.
Zoidberg: Amy has a point.
Fry Zoidberg. He's my friend.
Zoidberg: Aw!
Calculon: Where to... Adulterers?
Monique: Calculon?! Then it wasn't your body they found in the harbor after the bomb went off.
Calculon: What bomb?
Bender Dumb jerk. Come on! Get the ball.
Hermes: Sweet freak of Mozambique! That thing's colossal! It's gonna kill us all!
Amy?!
Fry. That seems like a fact worth knowing.
Professor Farnsworth: Good, startling news, everyone!
Professor Farnsworth: I found a description of the creature in this medieval monster manual. Just as I feared. Attack type J.
Amy: No! No!
Professor Farnsworth: Yes! It kills its prey by sucking out the skeleton, leaving nothing but a puddle of flesh.
Amy: Ew!
Leela: Ugh!
Bender: Ew!
Professor Farnsworth!
Zoidberg.
Fry: That's ridiculous. Mr. Peppy doesn't eat bones. I raised 'im on a simple diet o' Brussels sprouts an' mixed soda.
Hermes: At least there's only one of 'em. The good news is they can't start breedin'.
Professor Farnsworth: The bad news, everyone, is the beast reproduces asexually. A single bone vampire, left alone with some quiet music and some bone-vampire porn, could produce dozens of deadly offspring.
Zoidberg: That lucky bastard. I say kill it!
Fry.
Zoidberg: Kill 'em both!
Leela: Killing them seems like a hassle. Can't we just set it free to live with its own kind?
Professor Farnsworth: Poor, ignorant Leela. The bone vampire is now extinct on its home planet.
Leela: That's perfect! We can reintroduce it to the wild and repopulate the species!
Fry: Yeah! Let's do those Leela things.
Fry: Well, buddy, how d'ya like your new home? See? He's happy already.
Hermes: That thing doesn't have emotions, Fry. Its brain is the size of a walnut.
Fry: So are walnuts and they're delicious. I'll miss you, Mr. Peppy. But you'll be happier here. So... Go on. Go. Goodbye, Mr. Peppy. Come on, man. Don't do this. Go on now. I mean it. Don't make this any harder than it has to be. It's time to let go! Ow! Thanks, Leela. He just needed a little extra push.
Leela: Come on, Fry. Let's go home an'—
Bender: Hold up! There's alcohol around here somewhere. My Tanqueray-dar is goin' crazy. Aha-ha! Thought you could get away from me, huh? You lose again, you stupid intoxicant!
Zoidberg: We're not from around here. Hello!
Man #1
Hermes: Excuse me, but we're guests on your planet. Speak English!
Man #2: Behave yourselves, gents. Off-worlders best be welcome here. Especially if we're trying to get the Olympics. May I buy you a drink? We don't get a lot of pretty faces around here.
Leela: Uh... Sure. But I'm driving. I'll just have the smallest whisky you've got.
Man #2: A small aquarium o' whisky for the busty lass!
Leela: Thanks. I suppose I should know your name if I'm gonna be drinking ten gallons of alcohol with you.
Man #2 Major Angus McZongo. Esquire.
Leela esquire. I'm Turanga Leela. My crew an' I are from Earth.
Angus McZongo: So what brings you folks here to Doohan 6?
Amy: We just released an endangered animal back into the wild. A bone vampire!
Hermes: No need to thank us. Your shocked stares of gratitude say it all.
Angus McZongo: Dear God. You brought back the bone vampire?! The damn things wreaked bloody havoc on our livestock for centuries!
Woman: Aye! Until McZongo 'ere shot 'em all into extinction, 'e did.
Man #3: Now we've got more livestock than we can slaughter. Oh, aye. 'Tis a Bonnie time to be an ignorant villager.
Man #4: We kinna have no murderin' bone vampires back 'ere!
Man #3: Kill it afore it puts a bun in its own oven and repopulates the bleedin' planet!
Fry: No!
Angus McZongo: Angus is right.
Hermes were named Angus.
Man #1: We're all named Angus!
Fry: Please! Mr. Peppy won't attack your livestock. He's a vegetarian and 'e's not even preachy about it!
Angus McZongo: Poppycock. Once he gets the smell o' bones, there'll be no stoppin' 'im. Tonight, Mr. Peppy must die.
Leela: Angus, wait. My strictly platonic friend is right. At least wait a few days before you decide to kill it.
Angus McZongo: The last time I hesitated, a bone vampire snicked out me left shin.
Leela: Please! Just a few days.
Angus McZongo: Well, 'twould give us a chance to get to know each other. The beast lives! For now.
Leela: Thank you, Angus.
Men: You're welcome!
Fry: I don't trust that McZongo. Maybe I should go keep an eye on Mr. Peppy.
Leela.
Fry: It's nice! But there's still somethin' I don't like about that guy. My dad always said you could tell a lot about a man by the rigidity of 'is shins.
Zoidberg: What is?!
Man #1, Gryffindor, Slytherin an' Hufflepuff! It killed Little Angus!
Professor Farnsworth accident.
Angus McZongo: Still think your Mr. Peppy is harmless, Fry?
Fry: He wouldn't do this in our sleep. He would not, could not to a sheep.
Angus McZongo: The deal is off! The beast must die!
Bender: Ooh! Pimpy!
Fry: What are we supposed to do? Just sit here and wait for Mr. Peppy to be killed?
Bender!
Leela: Okay! That's it! I need some air.
Leela: Who's there? Hermes, is this one o' your zany practical jokes?
Fry: Leela, are you okay? Did you drink too many aquaria?
Hermes: Look! The bone vampire!
Leela: Mr. Peppy attacked me. Quick! Count my bones. There should be two-hundred-and-five!
Leela: Okay. That's better. Keep 'em comin'!
Professor Farnsworth: I'm sorry, Fry, but no vegetarian could've done this.
Fry: I know. An', as much as I love Mr. Peppy, I love Leela more. He has to be... Put down.
Amy: Aw, don't feel bad. Major McZongo's an experienced hunter. He'll blow Mr. Peppy's head off as painlessly as possible.
Fry: No! Not McZongo! If anyone's gonna kill Mr. Peppy, it should be me.
Zoidberg: Fry, I know you're upset right now, but I hope you'll consider donating the body to science dinner.
Fry: Here, Mr. Peppy. Mmm. Lovely bones.
Hermes: We've been walkin' for hours. I hope we can find our way back.
Amy: Don't worry. I left a trail of bread crumbs.
Bender left a trail of cigars!
Leela: You don't have to do this, Fry. Mr. Peppy just gave me a little love concussion.
Fry: Thanks, Leela, but I have no choice. I can't let my monstruous deboner get anywhere near you.
Hermes: There it is!
Fry: Well, this is it. You guys wait here. This is gonna kill him more than it does me. Goodbye, boy. I'll think of you whenever I sit on something round.
Amy: What's happening?! Did you kill it?!
Mr. Peppy: The bloody idiot bloody-shot me! I'm all bloody-bloody!
Bender: Wha?!
Fry: Mr. Peppy?! Bullets make you talk?!
Bender: That's not Mr. Peppy!
Amy-ed us!
Leela: Why, Major McZongo? Why?
Angus McZongo: Oh, it's been thirty years since last I killed a bone vampire. The villagers dinna idolise me like they used to.
Amy: You seem pretty popular at the pub.
Angus McZongo: I work there as a greeter! Your beast was my chance to be a hero again. But the damn thing was a vegetarian! So I slaughtered the sheep meself.
Leela?
Angus McZongo: So I could impress you by seeking revenge on the creature. Us greeters don't get a lot of action. On paper, it seemed like a win-win situation.
Professor Farnsworth: Do you realise what this means, Fry?! Your pet's not dangerous after all!
Fry" Johnson.
Zoidberg! Hey. What's that bone-sucking sound?
Fry: It's Mr. Peppy! I'd know 'im anywhere.
Leela the sheep killing.
Fry: Why, Mr. Peppy? Why? Ooh. That tickles. Now I really do have to kill you.
Man #3: Wait! Don't shoot. The beast is a godsend. Like I said, we've more livestock than we can slaughter. But, thanks to this ravenous bogle, that's nae more a problem.
Man #5: Angus is right. The cursed thing even debones 'em. Which is perfect for today's fast-paced, lazy consumer.
Man #1: Dersu Uzala, Yojimbo, Rashomon! The beast must live!
Leela: You know what the best part is? From now on, whenever we're eating fresh, organic space meat, we'll know exactly where it comes from.
Fry: One bucket o' double-friend, triple-salted, boneless sheep tots, please.
Teenaged Alien: What kinda cheese fillin' you want in that?
Fry kinds.
Leela: Eh... Make it two.
Leela: An' a small whisky. Large.
Professor Farnsworth: Good news, everyone! Remember when you asked to see my family tree?
Leela: No.
Professor Farnsworth And, just recently, I learned of a modern-day Farnsworth, who invented the anti-senility truss.
Leela: That's you, Professor.
Professor Farnsworth Ah, yes. The Farnsworths boast a proud and distinguished lineage. No wormy fruit on this tree.
Amy Isn't he your distant uncle?
Professor Farnsworth over here on this filthy branch riddled with fungus and dung beetles.
Fry: What's with the seventeen dung beetles?
Hermes I guess we'll have to deliver that Human heart tomorrow. Good work, people!
Bender Baby seals, here I come.
Fry: Guess I better head over to my night job.
Leela: You have a night job?
Fry: Yup. It's exhausting, but I need the extra money to buy coffee so I can stay awake for my night job.
Leela: But—
Fry: Gotta go!
Fry: Woo!
Dr. Cahill: You've got a surprising amount of algae in your beard, Mr. President. Just sit still and let the algae eater do its work.
Abraham Lincoln's head Ooh! Lay off my trademark mole.
Dr. Cahill: Hi, Lars.
Fry: Fry.
Dr. Cahill parties. Or it'll be your ass in a jar!
Fry museum!
Bill Clinton's head: Man, this place is a snooze. Hey, Fry, I challenge President Taft 'ere to a pie-eatin' contest.
William Taft's head: You're on, skinny!
Fry: Sorry, guys. You know the rules. "No fun allowed."
Andrew Jackson's head: Come on, you pansy! I'm thirsty. I want me some Tennessee loopy juice!
Warren Harding's head: And I want loose women. The kind that aren't afraid to show a little ankle.
James Madison's head: Or elbow.
Fry: No visitors! I'll lose my job.
Rutherford B. Hayes' head: Oh, boo-hoo! I'll lose my minimum-wage job.
Fry: You're mean, Rutherford B. Hayes!
Franklin D. Roosevelt's head: Listen here, young man! We have nothing to fear but running out of beer.
Fry: Alright. One small get-together. But let's keep it quiet and dignified.
Zoidberg: Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
Bender: Woohoo! Yeah, alright!
Scruffy: Four more beers! Four more beers!
Amy!
James Madison's head: Nice elbow action.
Hermes: So... You grow hemp?
Thomas Jefferson's head: Yes.
Hermes: And... You do what with it?
Thomas Jefferson's head: All manner of things. Manufacture paper, fabric, rope...
Hermes: Oh. Well, nice talking to you.
Thomas Jefferson's head: Why, I used to smoke about four feet of rope a day.
Hermes: Let me give you my pager number.
Professor Farnsworth: Hey, Reagan. Remember when you asked to see my family tree?
Ronald Reagan's head: I asked you to leave me alone.
Professor Farnsworth: The Farnsworths are a remarkable—
George Washington's head That name is a stain on American history! One of the worst traitors of the Revolution was a Farnsworth!
Professor Farnsworth: You're lying!
Leela: He's George Washington! He tends not to do that!
George Washington's head He conspired to bring down our nation with his fraudulent currency.
Professor Farnsworth Oh, dear! My good name is ruined!
Gerald Ford's head: Hi! I'm Jerry. I like movies.
Bender He owes me a cheroot.
Leela: He's over there, pukin' in the Bushes.
George H. W. Bush's head: No!
Fry: Oh, boy.
Dr. Cahill When they should be partying!
Amy, Bender, and Hermes: Alright!
Zoidberg: Hey, hey, LBJ. You wanna get drunk?
Lyndon Johnson's head Whoa!
Professor Farnsworth The effects of jar juice aren't fully understood!
Zoidberg: Uh... Not bad. A hint of vitalis and—
Amy I did a report on it for my drug-taking class.
Blond man: Hi. I'm Andy Warhol and you're some kind of... Marvellous lobster man.
Zoidberg: Right on! Say, you got any real soup or just this schlock?
Andy Warhol: What a horrid bore.
Professor Farnsworth: Ooh.
Amy: Wha?
Zoidberg: Far out! That head gave me a total head trip!
Fry I'm gonna lick Herbert Hoover's head!
Zoidberg, Leela, Amy, Hermes, and several heads Lick the head!
Bender One prohibited beverage, please.
Bartender: Hey, Dutch. The new still is here.
Bender I just smell like one!
Male voice: Dutch Schultz, come out with your bootleg whisky. We're thirsty!
Hermes: What the heck is goin' on?! Jefferson, did you sell me some bad rope?!
Professor Farnsworth Dr. Cahill, do I detect a trace of opal essence?
Dr. Cahill Yet it's so powerful, it should last a thousand years. It keeps the heads alive, but... We don't know how.
Amy: Why did it give us those hallucinations?
Professor Farnsworth: Because it didn't!
Amy: Uh... Yuh-huh!
Professor Farnsworth Look!
Zoidberg: Fuh! Schlock and more schlock!
Dutch Schultz: Pssst! Is the coast clear?
Bender: Button your yap, you mug!
Professor Farnsworth!
George Washington's head But even this discovery won't undo the treachery wrought by your nefarious ancestor David Farnsworth.
Professor Farnsworth: It will if we go back in time and stop him!
Leela You can't tongue the father of our country!
Fry: Where are we? Also, when are we?
Professor Farnsworth Rush hour.
Professor Farnsworth: By my calculations, this head trip will last, at most, 24 hours. We need to stop that monster, David Farnsworth!
Leela April 17th, 1775.
Professor Farnsworth can help us.
Bender: But they could be meetin' anywhere!  What are we gonna do? Search building to building?
Professor Farnsworth We'll start with that one.
Thomas Jefferson: Alexander Hamilton of New York, how say you?
Alexander Hamilton: Nay.
Thomas Jefferson: John Hancock and John Adams of Massachusetts?
John Adams: Yay.
John Hancock: Yay.
Thomas Jefferson
John Adams.
Bender: Watch it, Wiggy! I ain't no stinking crock!
John Adams
John Hancock: Halt! From whence commeth thou, one-eyed maiden!
Leela?
John Hancock: Certainly not!
Leela I'm from Peru.
Professor Farnsworth who forged this forgery!
Thomas Jefferson My word! If these enter circulation, our economy will be destroyed! And with it, our chance at independence!
Alexander Hamilton Only one man in the colonies has a printing press fine enough to make these. Our good friend, Ben Franklin.
Leela?
Thomas Jefferson: When he's not in Charlotte, or Maribel, or Louisa!
Fry: I don't get it.
Professor Farnsworth: I'm sure no one's ever said this before, but I must get to Philadelphia as quickly as possible!
Professor Farnsworth era?!
Woman: Dr. Franklin, your new steam engine is here.
Bender Chicken's ready.
Benjamin Franklin: You may go, Louisa.
Fry I get it!
Benjamin Franklin: Fascinating. Be you man or machine?
Bender: Mostly machine. Might be a couple dead cats in there.
Professor Farnsworth this!
Benjamin Franklin But no! This is a fake!
Fry "Colony of Maffachufetts"!
Bender More like "Taxachufetts"!
Benjamin Franklin That's just how we print S's, you "ƒtupid ƒhitheads"! Someone must've used my press while I was poking around in Charlotte. Let's ask my apprentice, David Farnsworth.
Professor Farnsworth Farnsworth?!! That's him! Arm yourselves!
Benjamin Franklin: I call it "the Franklinator".
Benjamin Franklin: The apprentice's suite is empty! He's gone!
Professor Farnsworth: Wait! What's that glistening in the chamber pot?
Bender Let's find out.
Leela: Bender, do you know what a chamber pot is?
Bender: I don't know and I don't care!
Professor Farnsworth: A Massachusetts hapenny?
Bender What?
Fry: Bender bent a poo penny! Bender bent a poo penny!
Benjamin Franklin: Look! 'Tis but worthless tin!
Professor Farnsworth: Where could Farnsworth have minted such a high quality fake?
Benjamin Franklin There's only like forty people who do anything around here.
Professor Farnsworth: But Boston's 300 miles away and Bender kicked our horse to death! We'll never get there in time! Unless you have another "invention" up your sleeve! Foh!
Benjamin Franklin Hmmm...
Bender: How's this going to get us to Boston?
Bender
Paul Revere: Ah, that scrap metal I ordered is here.
Bender
Paul Revere Whatta you looking at, you British bastards?!?!?!
Benjamin Franklin Paul, we talked about this.
Professor Farnsworth these smelly hapennies. His name is David Farnsworth.
Paul Revere Farnsworth? I just hired him for the fall candlestick rush. He's in the foundry this very moment!
Benjamin Franklin Everybody take a Franklinator.
Fry: Aw, I gotta chipmunk.
Leela Hee-ya!
Professor Farnsoworth: David Farnsworth, I presume?
David Farnsworth I'm David Farnsworth.
Professor Farnsworth Fowvwuh!
Fry: Look out! He's got a bezeling planisher!
David Farnsworth: 'At's right! 'Oo wonts ta be bezel'd?!
Bender: You idiot, I'm not a cannon!
Bender a cannon.
Professor Farnsworth Huzzah! I've saved the Farnsworth name!
Man: An urgent message for Mr. Revere!
Paul Revere I must ride.
Leela He won't miss this.
Professor Farnsworth: Let's burn these counterfeits and paddle the next swan boat the hell out of Boston.
Fry: Here you go.
Professor Farnsworth Say, where did you get that lantern?
Fry They had two burning, so I figured they wouldn't miss one.
Paul Revere By land! By land! Gotta treat this OCD. Gotta treat this OCD.
Professor Farnsworth that second lantern!
Leela: We better stop Paul Revere before—
Leela I guess everything worked out jolly oll right, eh, guv'nor?
Bender Wot's with th' fruity accent, ducky? Bollocks! Ah've got it, too!
Fry Where's all th' Presidents' heads, then?
Professor Farnsworth Quite.
Hermes You nearly missed elevenses.
Amy Who's for tea and shmavories?
Bender: Wot in bloody 'ell's goin' on aroun' 'ere ah says?
Professor Farnsworth: Indeed. Wot's become of the dear old USA?
Amy: Beg pardon?
Professor Farnsworth: The Revolution? 1776 and wot all?
Hermes: Oh, the Colonial Desktop(?).  Well, there's nuthin' we Brits enjoy more dan a good document'ry. Turn on the televiser, Dr. Zoidsmythe.
Zoidsmythe
Narrator all thanks to a nutter known as "Wrong Way Revere".
Animated Revere: The British are coming, by land, by land! Heh heh heh heh!
Narrator: But we came by sea, we did. Surprised the Yanks at Lexington ending the Rebellion with narry a kipper scuffed.
Amy: Scuffed kippers, anyone?
Zoidsmythe
Narrator
Professor Farnsworth: Oh, criminy!
Narrator: In gratitude, King George named Farnsworth a duke and granted his family massive land holdings in the colonies.
Professor Farnsworth: Blimey. I've never felt so ashamed to be a Farnsworth.
Scruffy: Will m'lord be returning to his massive land holdings for luncheon?
Professor Farnsworth: Huh-woh?
Leela I know we're ladies-in-waiting but what are we waiting for?
Professor Farnsworth know? Just shut up and wait!
Bender bot me teeth still loo' like this?
Fry: Con't we just go back in time an' set things roight again?
Professor Farnsworth: Don't want to. Rather nice living under the crown and so forth.
Zoidsmythe
Professor Farnsworth: Wot's more, couldn't go back even if we wonted to.  No more crystalline opal left in all the world, don't you know.
Scruffy: M'lord, the Queen is here for 'er, eh, weekly, irrrrr, visit.
Professor Farnsworth: The Queen? Sounds most satisfactory. All of you out!
Bender is.
Squire: Presenting the Queen of England, America, and two parking spaces in Tokyo.
Queen: Where's me consort at?
Professor Farnsworth C-C-Consort?
Queen: That's right, luv. Fer cent'ries, a Farnsworth gentleman 'as provided service to the Queen. Now close yer eyes an' think of England!
Professor Farnsworth: Ah say, what's that in your crown?
Queen
Bender: Yes! Three rubbers on the hob!
Queen: Stop him! He crowned me in th' knickers an' nicked me crown!
Smitty: Freeze or we'll be forced to continue chasing you since we don't carry guns!
URL: Indubitably.
Leela: We've got to go back in toime an' set things straight! 'Urry up an' lick Washin'ton's 'ead again!
Bender: We can't! There's no George Washington nor any other Presidents.
Fry from Revolutionary times.
Professor Farnsworth: Farnsworth!
David Farsnworth's head! Don't rightly know which one.
Professor Farnsworth: Bender, fetch me that powdered opal!
Professor Farnsworth: It's time to restore dignity to the Farnsworth name!
Fry lanterns in place.
Professor Farnsworth hard.
Leela Look! All the Presidents are back! Even John Tyler!
John Tyler's head: That's the first time anyone's spoken to me in twelve-hundred years.
Professor Farnsworth And no one will ever know.
Yancy Fry Sr I want this ice-fishin' operation up and runnin' by oh-eight-hundred hours.
Fry: It's too cold, Dad. My teen region is freezing off.
Yancy Fry Sr To this day, I can't stand the taste of early hominid.
Fry: Let's just get inside the shack.
Yancy Fry Sr: Hold, maggot!
Fry: Ow!
Yancy Fry Sr: Remember the code o' the ice! Thick an' blue, tried an' true. Thin an' crispy, way too risky.
Fry Help! I'm drowning!
Yancy Fry Sr You'll freeze before you drown.
Fry: I love ice fishing.
Professor Farnsworth: I shouldn't be out in this cold. I 'ave no protective fat, hair, or warm blood. I'm not even legally a mammal.
Fry I was frozen for a thousand years.
Bender Learn somethin' dumb every day.
Paper-hatted salesman: Live bait!
Paper-hatted salesman Fresh-killed bait!
Amy I'm wearing a belly parka!
Leela: If I understand ice fishing, and I'm pretty sure I don't, we'll need to laser-blast a hole in the ice.
Fry Here. Bender, use your immense Robot strength to drill a hole the old-fashioned way.
Bender: I don't see any irony in that.
Fry: And... Woilà !
Fry How come nobody's ice-fishing?
Bender: Hot-cocoa break.
Fry If you're sober, it isn't ice fishing.
Fry: Mom, what's my temperature?
Mrs. Fry Down at the 35!
Fry: I'm really sick.
Mrs. Fry Hundred-an'-nine. We'll check again at half-time.
Yancy Fry Sr: You home from school, you traitor?
Fry Cut me some slack!
Yancy Fry Sr Lotta people depend on you when you sell trampolines door to door.
Yancy Fry Jr: Here's your homework, ya lucky knob.
Fry: And, with a little more luck from my seven-leaf clover, I might get sick enough to miss the whole semester.
Yancy Fry Jr: Hey, give me that!
Fry: Ooh.
Yancy Fry Jr: Come on.
Fry: No.
Yancy Fry Jr: Give it to me, ya faker!
Fry Ow! My underbite!
Yancy Fry Sr You'll never have a better chance to take 'im out.
Fry What's this?
Yancy Fry Jr NASA's gonna pick one kid's experiment to launch into space.
Fry I just got a new thing o' glitter!
Yancy Fry Sr: I'm not sure science is your thing, seein' how that chimp at the zoo tricked you outta your allowance.
Fry Where's that contest flyer?
Yancy Fry Sr: You're holdin' it, genius.
Fry: Oh, good.
Fry: I feel awful. But it was worth it to catch an' kill this baby fish.
Amy What's with the shmiffling?
Fry Just a common cold.
Zoidberg: Wha?
Bender: It's a common uh?
Hermes: Wha?
Leela: What the hell's a common cold?
Bender Unconscious?
Professor Farnsworth Ever since Fry first came to us, I've lived in mortal terror that this would happen!
Leela: I never heard you mention that.
Professor Farnsworth: Oh, I try to act cool, but inside I'm freaking out!
Fry What's the big deal?
Smitty I mean... Stay in with your hands up!
URL: You are hereby quarantined until such time as it is deemed safe to enter and shoot your asses.
Professor Farnsworth Hermes, you'll take the first six hours.
Hermes: Very well.
Professor Farnsworth Crybaby.
Fry It'll be gone as fast as I can sneeze, hurl, and squirt it out.
Professor Farnsworth Frozen for a thousand years.
Fry So it was hiding deep down inside o' me? Like my skeleton bones?
Leela: Give it to us straight, Professor. How incredibly deadly is it?
Professor Farnsworth It could kill millions or nobody. I suppose it might even bring a few people back to life! Anything is possible in science.
Amy My nose is all gunked up with blork!
Hermes: And I've got a hankerin' for a useless remedy created by a schoolteacher.
Zoidberg: Uh-oh. I think I'm getting swollen glands.
Amy: Ew!
Hermes: Oh!
Professor Farnsworth: Oh!
Leela: Screw the quarantine! I'm outta here!
Female CDC scientist: Initiate containment procedure.
Leela Oh!
Male CDC scientist: G'wan now.
Professor Farnsworth I shudder to think what this cold will do to me. Yesterday, I was nearly killed by a tight hat!
Bender: I'd be remiss if I didn't rub your goopy noses in the fact that I'm immune.
Professor Farnsworth: Which is why we'll all be counting on you and you alone to nurse us through this catastrophe.
Bender Why 'ave I been singled out?
Fry: Everyone just calm down and make yourself a tissue walrus.
Yancy Fry Sr Lose the tissues. You're ruinin' Thanksgivin' dinner.
Fry: I'm busy with my space experiment. I can't devote precious brainpower to blowing my nose.
Yancy Fry Sr Someone with your limited brainpower'd be lucky to get a job as a pizza delivery boy.
Mr. Panucci Come on!
Barack Obama: Man, I've got to go back to law school.
Fry I'm not gonna wind up a loser like that guy.
Yancy Fry Jr Josh Gedgie, boy scientist.
Josh Gedgie: Pi over four radians of pizza, please.
Mr. Panucci: What is that? About a slice?
Josh Gedgie: More like exactly a slice.
Fry: Game on, Gedgie.
Yancy Fry Jr: Ew!
Yancy Fry Sr: I've 'ad worse. When I was shot down over Korea, I had to eat Kimchi. He was our interpreter.
Bender: Coming!
Bender: What now?
Amy: Humidifier.
Bender Yes?!
Leela: Where's that chicken soup we asked for?
Bender You take it from there.
Hermes Amy's horrible sweating!
Bender See you in the obituaries!
Male CDC scientist... Uh... Containment holdin' up?
Female CDC scientist: Without turning my head, I'd say one-hundred percent.
Bender An' especially you.
Fifth CDC officer: That Robot was a heckuva nice feller.
Fry Mrs. Jenkins dissects anything smaller than a fifth grader.
Josh Gedgie: Well, if it isn't Grandmaster Phlegm. I heard you're enterin' the NASA science competition.
Fry: Maybe I am... LL Fool J!
Josh Gedgie: So what's your project? The effects of losing on idiots?
Fry: No! I'm gonna infect my guinea pig with the common cold and launch it into space to see if it gets cured by cosmic rays!
Josh Gedgie I think I'll steal that an' do an experiment that's slightly less... Very stupid!
Fry idea! You are an evil, evil nerd!
Josh Gedgie: Gedgie out!
Fry: We'll show him who's stupid.
Morbo: Linda?
Linda All citizens are advised to wash their hands thoroughly after beating up Philip J. Fry.
Fry Lucky I'm safely locked up here with you guys.
Amy: There 'e is!
Hermes: Get him!
Fry: Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! What are you—
Morbo: The situation is expected to deteriorate as newscasters whip the city into a panic.
Morbo: Run! Run for your lives!
Linda: And, finally, the heart-warming story of a handicapped magician who didn't know when to give up.
Zapp Shall I switch it off?
Richard Nixon's head Rose Mary, release the Surgeon General!
Woman: Get in there!
Wernstrom It's bright out here.
Richard Nixon's head.
Wernstrom And, in thirty-six hours, it will have infected the entire planet!
Richard Nixon's head: Options?
Zapp Protocol sixty-two.
Richard Nixon's head: Not possible. We don't 'ave nearly enough piranhas!
Zapp: Then protocol sixty-three it is.
Hermes They're letting us out!
Zoidberg: And hundreds of black hovercopters are coming to welcome us!
Hermes worse!
Zoidberg They must've been outta piranhas.
Hermes: They're gonna kill the virus by exposing it to the heat of our burning bodies!
Professor Farnsworth: I'm just glad I have my wool scarf.
Fry: What good is a wool—
Bender: Guys! Guys! You're never gonna believe this!
Amy: We know! They shmooped up Manhattan and blasted us toward the Sun!
Bender So that's why this was unguarded.
Wernstrom: People of New New York, this is Surgeon General Ogden Vernstrom.
Professor Farnsworth: Wern--strom!
Wernstrom: No doctor likes hurling his patients into the Sun, but, since there is no way to make a vaccine for the common cold—
Professor Farnsworth a way to make a vaccine!
Fry Yay!
Professor Farnsworth: Of course, there's a catch.
Fry: Woo!
Fry So what's the catch?
Professor Farnsworth: The vaccine requires the original, unmutated, 20th-century cold virus. So I need to grind you into a paste.
Leela: Professor, no!
Fry: It's okay, Leela. This is all my fault, sort of. If this will save you, then, please, turn me into a virus milkshake.
Professor Farnsworth You all heard it!
Yancy Fry Sr so-called entry.
Fry Walk much, Gedgie?!
Josh Gedgie: Absurd. You really think your guinea pig could survive in the vacuum of space?
Fry I mean, "My mom's vacuum."
Josh Gedgie Impressed?
Yancy Fry Sr Nice job, son.
Fry I know where you can get some 20th-century cold virus without killing me!
Professor Farnsworth I'm totally in the zone.
Fry: We just 'ave to find the Nerd Search '88 satellite!
Professor Farnsworth: I don't know why I even build these things.
Leela: Gunnery Chief Bender, blast us out of quarantine.
Bender: Aye, aye, lady.
Professor Farnsworth: Oh, fiddlepoop! Our weapons aren't strong enough to puncture a thin plastic tent that thick?!
Leela: No. But theirs are!
Kif: Captain, a ship is attempting to break the quarantine.
Zapp: Blow them to baco bits with a well placed warning shot!
Kif: But—
Zapp: Oops.
Fry The Nerd Search satellite was launched on the space shuttle and released into orbit.
Leela I'm Facebooking right now.
Professor Farnsworth That satellite was scuttled on Enceladus, Saturn's main dump moon!
Fry: Let's dump it up!
Leela But there's nothing here.
Bender: Can we please go home an' die now?
Professor Farnsworth Whatever was here's been covered by centuries of ice buildup.
Fry Remember the code of the ice. Thin an' crispy, way too risky.
Leela: I found a satellite!
Fry Yes! We're saved!
Man do anything... Dr. Buzz Aldrin!
Buzz Aldrin Vijay Patel and his calculator space hat!
Vijai Patel Woo!
Buzz Aldrin: And now the grand-prize winner whose experiment will be launched into space.
Yancy Fry Sr My money's on Gedgie.
Fry: Yeah? He may 'ave brains, but I 'ave heart.
Buzz Aldrin: Josh Gedgie!
Yancy Fry Sr: I'll bring the car around.
Professor Farnsworth This will make a fine vaccine.
Fry: Good thing Gedgie won. My dumb experiment wouldn't've lasted an hour in space, let alone a thousand years. Besides, Buzz Aldrin ran over my guinea pig in the parking lot.
Professor Farnsworth: Eh, okay. Uh, come on, gang. Let's go inoculate everyone and cram Manhattan back into its rightful hole!
Professor Farnsworth: This may hurt a little.
Wernstrom: Ow!
Professor Farnsworth: Now, I'll give you the shot.
Leela: You saved millions of lives, Fry. You should feel proud. No matter what your dad said to you.
Yancy Fry Sr: You still 'aven't thanked me for pullin' you outta the lake, soldier.
Fry: I could've flip-flopped out.
Yancy Fry Sr I love you, son.
Yancy Fry Sr I don't want you gettin' frozen.
Fry: Bucket of hot dogs?
Cubert: Check.
Fry: Butt massager engaged?
Bender: Check.
Fry: Then let the video games begin! Wait. Hang on. I— I lost my controller.
Cubert no controller. The X-Cube tracks your motions with a built-in camera.
Bender motion.
Cubert: Frykowski. BenderIsGreat34. Follow me!
Bender: Sounds like fun on the bun.
Cubert: Aw! You guys again?!
German #1! These dorkeschoens. Let's humiliate them with slingshots.
Fry: Shoot your weapon, Private!
Bender: Wait. How do I— Hold on. Oops.
German #1 run, but I really must be Göring.
Fry: Man!
Bender: Pwned again.
Cubert: This is all Bender's fault. Admit it! Your reflexes suck!
Bender: Aw... It's true! My circuitry's twelve years outta-date. I can't keep up with today's high-speed, top-o'-the-line kids.
Fry and I'm some sort o' stone-age throwback.
Cubert: You know... I might be able to speed up your reflexes by overclockin' ya.
Bender: Eh... What's that, sonny? You say it'll put some whoopiee in my cushion?
Cubert: This may take a while. I've got to adjust the memory timing, raise the CPU voltage, and delete twelve terabytes of outdated catchphrases.
Bender: Sounds like fun on the bun!
Female voice: Deleted.
Bender: Oh.
Leela: Fry, can we talk about our relationship?
Fry: Of course. Our relationship is the best thing in my life, so I'm sure I'll enjoy talking about it with you.
Leela: I dunno. I guess I'm just feeling uneasy about us being so on-again, off-again.
Fry the time.
Leela: But what would that be like? I mean... If we were together, where would we be ten years from now? Still here?
Fry: Definitely. Or... Somewhere else.
Leela: Maybe I'm havin' some kinda... Early-life crisis, but... Look: Don't you ever wonder about the future?
Fry: Well, sure, but... You're always in it. Also, sometimes, terminators.
Cubert: Alright. You should run a lot faster now. Unless you die.
Bender. February is the shortest month. There's three-thousand-eighteen jelly beans in that jar.
Cubert: Damn, I'm good.
Bender: I mean three-thousand-eighteen rat kidneys.
Cubert: Now, then, my man. Let's see if your reflexes are—
Bender: Faster!
Cubert: Get 'em! Get 'em! Get 'em!
Bender: Eh, foreign aggressors. Vhat's up?
German #1: Oh, we were just eating spaetzle and listening to Kraftwerk— I— I mean, "Fire!"
German #2: That tap-dancing, decadent jazz baby is too fast for us!
German #1: Let's see him outrun a V-2!
Bender: It's my brains against your von Braun!
German #1! I could have fired a V-8!
Walt: Those guys normally stink. That's why we play them exclusively.
Larry: Those cheaters must've cheated!
Walt: Now, Larry. Let's deal with this like mature adults. Mommy!
Mom: What is it, you colicky bastards?!
Walt: We were playing video games and the other kids didn't play fair!
Mom: What?! Nobody rips off my kids but me! We can find out who they are through their motion-capture camera. It better not be those little Korean girls again. Aha! Got it!
Bender: Woo! We're the greatest! Mostly me!
Mom: Bender Rodríguez?
Walt: But he's a stock MomCorp bending unit. And 'e's twelve years out-of-date. How could 'e possibly play that well?
Bender: Did you see me?! History came alive an' I killed it!
Cubert: If I overclock you some more, maybe we can beat those Korean girls!
Mom: Well, well. That nerd burglar overclocked the Robot's processor!
Larry: And that voids his warranty. Even an idiot like me knows that.
Mom: An idiot like you knows nothing! What matters is... It violates the licence agreement. And that means I've got 'im right by his little—
Smitty: Ding dong. I'm sayin' "Ding dong" 'cause you don't 'ave a doorbell.
Cubert: Hey, pigs.
URL: We're lookin' for a Cubert J. Farnsworth.
Cubert: You're porkin' at 'im!
Smitty: You're under arrest for felony violation of the MomCorp licence agreement.
Professor Farnsworth: What's all this oinking about?! Who called the fuzz?!
URL: Sir, who's this boy's legal guardian?
Professor Farnsworth: You're porkin' at 'im!
URL: Then the charges apply to you too.
Professor Farnsworth: Wha?
Mom: Farnsworth?! What a lucky break!
Mom: After all these years, I've got 'im! And legally too!
Larry: Even an idiot like me knows he'll be ruined.
Mom: An idiot like you is correct!
Professor Farnsworth: You overclocked Bender?! What did I teach you about tinkering with machinery?
Cubert: How. You taught me how.
Professor Farnsworth: I also taught you not to get caught! Oh, I wish I'd never cloned you.
Cubert a licence agreement!
Professor Farnsworth: Neither did I— Ooh.
Professor Farnsworth: Bender, as my newest employee, could you bend this drinking straw for me?
Bender: Sure. Let me just.
Mom: First, click the licence agreement, deary.
Professor Farnsworth: I really shouldn't agree to things I don't understand, but I'm slightly thirsty.
Professor Farnsworth: Oh, God! I clicked without reading!
Cubert: An' I slightly modified a thing that I own!
Professor Farnsworth: We're monsters!
Walt: Congratulations, Mother. Can you die happy now?
Mom: Not yet!
Walt: Darn!
Mom: I can't rest until this bending unit is restored to factory specs.
Igner: Why not?
Mom: If people learn they can overclock their old Robots, they won't buy my new Robots! This will not stand! Hoverfish, bring me the clock of Bender Rodríguez.
Hermes: Good news, everyone! That's what the Professor would say if we weren't in jail facin' a life sentence.
Bender processor, I'll be all like, "You're a big dummy, Einstein! Get a haircut!" Aw! Wow! I can't believe how stupid I used to be an' you still are. What are all these page-y things?
Amy: Look out! You're overheating!
Bender: Yeah, yeah. There. Now, I'm water-cooled. I can stimulate my intellect without further thermodynamical disruptions.
Fry: I miss the old, illiterate Bender.
Hermes: What's happened to you, mon? I thought you liked beer an' knock-knock jokes.
Bender: I'm processin' so fast, it's like I can anticipate that the ceilin' fan's gonna fall an' knock Zoidberg unconscious.
Zoidberg: Wrong, Mr. Genius.
Bender ceilin' fan. In fact, lookin' ahead, it's obvious Mom won't allow me to stay accelerated like this. Hmmm. Who's up for a turkey dinner an' a game o' badminton?
Hermes: Say what?!
Bender: Yup.
Amy: Uh-oh. 'E must be overheating again.
Hoverfish: Bending unit, you are ordered to report for factory reset.
Bender.
Zoidberg: I hear turkey. Woop-woop-woop-woop-woop— Oh, boy. Ay... Ay. Ay.
Bender: Ten more processors for me. Once I install these, I'll have access to the loftiest realms o' thought!
Zoidberg: Anyone have access to a lofty realm of gravy?
Bender: I can conceive of gravies that would boggle your tiny mind! But it's not safe here. So I'll need to find a hideout.
Fry: Hideout? Bender, are you becoming some kinda supervillain?
Bender: Farewell, monobrains.
Yellow and red lawyer: Your Honour, Mom is a poor, frail industrialist with three special sons who require constant neglect. Yet, isn't it true, ladies and gentlemen of the jury, that this boy, this... Cubert Farnsworth...
Cubert: That's my name. Don't wear it out.
Yellow and red lawyer: Deliberately robber her blind by improving his own Robot?!
Fishy Joe: It's true! 'E did it!
Yellow and red lawyer: No further questions for this jury.
Ron Whitey: Before I call a recess for mimosas and horse breeding, can the defence produce the bending unit in question?
Professor Farnsworth: We don't know where the hell 'e is.
Hyper-Chicken: Your Honour, that is something we cannot a-doodle-do.
Ron Whitey: Then I'm holding the defendants in contempt and fining them ten-thousand dollars a day until they produce the Robot.
Hermes: Oh! At that rate, Planet Express will be bankrupt in... Four fingers!
Hermes: It's been a good run, people, but this is the end.
Zoidberg: Wait! I've got it! This building's technically in the theatre district. If we could mount one big musical featuring everyone's talents, we might just save Planet Express!
Nibbler!
Fry: Alright!
Zoidberg: Hooray!
Hermes: We're saved!
Leela has given me the kick in the pants I needed. It's time for me to leave and make a fresh start.
Fry: Don't go, Leela, please. You an' me... We were supposed to...
Leela: What?
Fry: I dunno. But someday we'll find out. Won't we?
Leela: Goodbye, Fry.
Fry: I dunno, Randy. I just feel like my life's falling apart. The Professor's in jail and now Leela's gone forever.
Randy Munchnik: Stay strong, Fry.
Fry: You're the best friend I have left. An' I barely even know you.
Randy Munchnik for help?
Fry: What are you, Randy? A complete moron?! I'd love to talk to Bender, but I 'ave no idea where 'e is.
Randy Munchnik: Well, if 'e's runnin' on twelve processors, 'e must be some place with a lotta power and liquid coolant.
Fry: Aw! You're no help at all! I'm gonna go kill myself.
Fry drowning.
Paper-hatted salesman: Barrels here. Can't go over the Falls without a barrel.
Fry: What are my chances of surviving in one o' those?
Paper-hatted salesman: Slim to none.
Fry: I like those odds!
Fry: Wait. This isn't a barrel. It's just a stinking cask! I want my money back! Ow! Ow!
Fry worth three-thousand dollars.
Fry: Hello? Anybody?
Bender: Fry?
Fry: Bender?! Are you in here?!
Bender: In here is the only place I'm not. I amuse myself.
Fry: But— Bender?! What happened to you?
Bender: I'll try to put it in terms you can comprehend. I passed the existential singularity.
Fry: Try harder!
Bender: I hacked myself inside-out and now the entire universe is my processor.
Fry: Whoa! I definitely wanna hear about that. But, first, I need your help. The Professor and Cubert are in trouble and Leela left me. I'm in misery!
Bender Two if I've been eatin' broccoli. All existence is just a chess game. An' I can see fifty moves ahead. Human emotion no longer concerns me.
Fry: But— But Randy said—
Bender: Randy?! 'Ave you been hangin' out with Randy?!
Fry: Please, Bender. If everything is a chess game for you, you must know how to help me.
Bender: I'm sorry, Fry. But some games you just can't win. Cubert and the Professor are guilty. The jury will vote to convict. I can't change that.
Fry: Well, what about Leela? Is there any hope things could still work out between us?
Bender: It's getting late. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have some new heavy elements to create. Better cover your nads. It may get a little non-Newtonian in here.
Ron Whitey: Not only have the defendants failed to rebut the charges, they've not even presented any mitigating factors to recommend leniency. It strikes me as an extra-risky strategy.
Hyper-Chicken: Did you say "extra-crispy recipe"?
Ron Whitey: You know I didn't.
Hyper-Chicken: Your Honour... If we could locate Bender Rodríguez, he would testify that my clients acted without malice.
Fry: No, 'e wouldn't. Bender doesn't care about us anymore.
Zoidberg: Someone used to care about me?! Hooray!
Ron Whitey: In that case, the jury will begin its deliberations. Bailiff, release the jury collies.
Mom: I finally nailed Farnsworth. Destroyin' the boy is just icing on the cake.
Larry: No one destroys a boy like you, Mother.
Mom disappointment.
Fry: Any word from Leela?
Amy: I heard she took a job selling deep-space real estate. Somewhere beyond the most distant thing ever observed with a telescope.
Fry: She always liked not being observed with a telescope.
Ron Whitey: Order. Order in the head.
Bender comprehension, I 'ave returned to testify on behalf of the defendants.
Professor Farnsworth: Yay!
Cubert: Yay, Bender!
Fry: I knew 'e cared about us!
Hermes care about us!
Fry: Leave me alone.
Yellow and red lawyer: Your Honour, I object to this surprise witness. 'E's too surprising!
Ron Whitey: Sustained. Testimony has closed.
Bender: But— Your Honour—
Ron Whitey: Silence! One more in-burst like that an' I'll have this courtroom removed from you! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
Bender: I'm sorry, guys. I didn't realise I was late. I guess I'm not as smart as everybody thought.
Professor Farnsworth: I was born in prison and I'll die in prison.
Bender: There is still one hope. You're co-defendants. An' the jury might not wanna convict a twelve-year-old.
Mom: Son of a nerd. He may be right! Make sure Farnsworth doesn't get off easy on account o' that snot-gobbling twerp.
Ron Whitey: 'As the jury reached a verdict?
Fishy Joe: Not just any verdict, Your Honour. A great verdict!
Mom: They're going to take pity on him! Do something!
Yellow and red lawyer: Your Honour, prosecution moves to drop the charges against Cubert Farnsworth.
Ron Whitey: Very well. The case against Cubert Farnsworth is hereby dismissed.
Cubert: Told ya I'd get away with it.
Ron Whitey verdict against Professor Farnsworth.
Fishy Joe: You got it, Judge. I think you'll find this verdict as fair as it is cruel.
Bender: Your Honour, I move for a mistrial on grounds of double jeopardy. Cubert Farnsworth cannot be tried twice for the same crime! Cubert is the Professor's clone. Ergo, they are legally the same person. Since you dismissed the charges against Cubert, you cannot convict the Professor of these same charges!
Hyper-Chicken: Well, I'll be a nugget's uncle. He's right!
Ron Whitey: What a brilliant legal shenanigan! Case dismissed.
Zoidberg: Yay!
Fry: Yay!
Hermes: Yes!
Fry: Bender, you knew all this would happen, didn't you?
Bender: Yes. All except this part.
Mom: If I can't bring down Farnsworth, I can at least dumb down 'is Robot. Take 'im away and reset 'im to factory-stupid condition!
Fry: Bender, wait. While you can still calculate the future, just tell me: What's gonna happen with me an' Leela?
Bender: There's no time now. Quick, Zoidberg! Take three steps to your right!
Nibbler: We've had some tough times, but at least we won a Tony!
Zoidberg won a Tony. Feh!
Fry: Wow. You gave up your superintelligence to save us. Why did you come back?
Bender: Honestly, I couldn't think o' one good reason. But some decisions can't be made by thinking. Even if you're drunk! No galaxies there.
Leela: Knock knock.
Bender: Oh! Oh! Who's there?!
Fry: Leela?!
Professor Farnsworth: Yay!
Bender: Leela who?!
Fry: It's good to see you. Is it good to see me?
Leela: Of course.
Amy: Come on in, Leela! Take that ugly coat off!
Leela: Thanks. Hi, everybody.
Hermes: So... Tell us. How's the intergalactic real estate going?
Leela: Pretty good. I just sold a castle to the King of Space. But, somehow, I keep finding myself thinking about this place. An' things.
Fry: Things like me or... Things like this badminton racket?
Leela: You, Fry. Bender, while you still have your giant brain, please... Tell me: If Fry an' I ended up together—
Fry: It's too late, Leela. He's good, old Bender again. 'E's totally useless.
Bender... By Bender.
Fry: Uh, it's probably better if we don't know. Uh, mystery of life and whatnot.
Leela: Gimme that!
Galactic Entity: A wise man once said that nothing really dies. It just comes back in a new form. Then he died. So, next time you see a lowly salamander, think twice before you step on it. It might be you. Stand by for "Reincarnation".
Planet Express headquarters: 'Owdy, folks! Come on in!
Leela
I'm a bee-youtiful purple-haired goyl.
Bender: Watch it!
Fry: Oh, it's just that I love Leela something awful. Do you think a space-age dame like her would ever marry a two-bit, low-life delivery boy like me an' also I 'ave bad posture and severe financial problems?
Bender: Have you tried gettin' 'er pregnant?
Fry pregnant.
Bender Too much smoke in your face.
Fry ask Leela to marry me, but I can't afford a diamond ring big enough to express my love.
Bender Not on the measly salary I steal from you each month.
Horn loudspeaker: All crew, report to the laboratorium. Get a wiggle on.
Fry: Thanks for the heads-up, Sparky.
Horn loudspeaker: Mhm. Fish on Friday. An' Human flesh the rest of the week.
Professor Farnsworth I've discovered a new comet!
Leela: One side, boys. Let a lady take a gander.
Professor Farnsworth: Hang on. Let me just adjust it to your eye level.
Leela: Holy matrimony! That's one flashy rock!
Professor Farnsworth: Indeed. It's pure diamondium!
Fry: Um... Would it be possible to break off a piece an' put it in an engagement ring for reasons that are private?
Professor Farnsworth Now hop in the flivver and score me some o' that sweet, sweet powder.
Hermes: Comet ahoy! Why, it's lit up like a smooth, refreshing Chesterfield.
Professor Farnsworth Over and out.
Amy: Watch it, ya stumblebums! You're boopin' my betty!
Fry: Um... I'll be back in a jiff. I gotta go check this comet for anarchists.
Fry: Wouldja look at that gem! Slap that shiner on a ring an' me an' Leela will be doing the married, horizontal Charleston in no time.
Fry: Alright, diamond. You won those rounds. But I've got an ace up my hole.
Leela: I love this time of day. There's such a beautiful stillness.
Fry: Leela, I don't know if words can describe how I feel about you—
Leela: Good?
Fry: Huh. I guess they can. Anyhow, when a guy feels good about 'is sweetheart, 'e wants to prove it by giving 'er somethin' really... Good!
Leela: I'm still listenin', you big lug.
Fry Among the stars. The beautiful, affordable stars.
Leela: You mean... When you disappeared up on the comet...
Fry: Exactly.
Leela: I thought you snuck off to take a dump.
Fry: A man can sneak off to do two things.
Leela: Oh, Fry!
Fry on your finger.
Leela's finger: You've made me the happiest finger in the whole wide hand!
Fry: Comet kaboomination in three, two—
Bird: Uh... Hello?! Cuckoo!
Fry It went kersplitters!
Leela: Fry, I don't need a diamond. You've given me the most beautiful rainbow I've ever seen! All the colours of the spectrum!
Fry: Not beautiful enough! A swell gal like you deserves better!
Leela It's so beautiful! Fry, you've created a new colour! Totally different from any other colour or combination of colours.
Fry Whoa!
Leela: Whoa! I wish this moment could last forever.
Fry: Leela, my love, will you marry—
Alien: Bernilla, my love, will you marry me?
Bernilla: Blorg! Blorg! A thousand times blorg!
Bender: Ba-da-ba-da-ba-dip-That's all you get, jerks!
Professor Farnsworth: Good news, multiplayers! After a lifetime of toil, I'm on the verge of solving all the mysteries of science!
Bender: So we can leave early?
Professor Farnsworth Not until I demonstrate this new microscope lens, made from the debris of that diamondium comet.
Bender: Eh, Professor.
Professor Farnsworth: Yes, Bender?
Bender Okay. Too bad. Goodbye.
Professor Farnsworth: You're not through with this level! I have another lens.
Bender.
Hermes: Whatever you say, mon.
Professor Farnsworth Follow me to the lab.
Bender: Hey, I'm gonna try that! So long, meatbags! Son of a—
Professor Farnsworth: Eh, let me just insert lens in microscope. There! Now, for the first time, we may be able to see the infinitesimal fabric of matter itself. Laying bare the most fundamental laws of the universe!
Leela: Hey, Fry. I know something you could lay bare.
Fry: Leela! Shhh! I'm tryin' to listen to a physics lecture!
Professor Farnsworth: Now, to examine some matter. Any old matter will do.
Hermes: Mon, that's some cheap-ass matter! What the hell is it?
Professor Farnsworth: Oh, it's just a log I found in a hole in the bottom of the sea. Now, to penetrate its deepest mysteries.
Leela: Hey, Fry.
Fry!
Professor Farnsworth: Oh, my! There's a frog on a bump on this log that I found in a hole in the bottom of the sea!
Leela: An' that's the ultimate secret of the universe?!
Professor Farnsworth: Apparently so. Wait! There's a snail on the tail of the frog on the bump on this log that I found in a hole in the bottom of the sea!
Hermes: Dear Eliza!
Professor Farnsworth: The snail itself is composed of cells, molecules, atoms...
Fry: Pfff! Those things don't rhyme!
Professor Farnsworth: Things only rhyme below ten to the minus five angstroms, you dope! Now, ions an' pions, muons an' gluons, neutrinos, gravitinos... We're closing in on the very smallest particles of matter! For the first time, we're about to observe the fundamental structure of the universe. Such detail. Such finely wrought intricate beauty!
Leela: It's like staring into the face of God!
Scruffy: It's a mirror into Scruffy's soul.
Professor Farnsworth: This explains everything! Even the Big Bang that created the universe! All that's left is the mathematics! Put down h-bar, uh, carry the infinity, and— My-reka! There it is! The Grand Unified Theory! Reducing all the laws of nature to a single equation!
Amy: Professor, you did it! You solved the problem that baffled Einstein an' drove Stephen Hawking to quit physics and become a cartoon voice actor!
Stephen Hawking's head: I like physics, but I love cartoons.
Professor Farnsworth: This is the greatest moment in scientific history! At last, there are no more questions left to answer!
Stephen Hawking's head: Yay!
Amy: Yay!
Hermes: Woohoo! Alright! Well done, Professor. Okay. Back to work, everyone.
Professor Farnsworth: Wait. There are no more questions left to answer.
Professor Farnsworth: Oh.
Morbo: And those are today's high scores. Linda?
Linda: Thanks, Morbo. Coming up next, Galaxians. What you need to know to protect your family.
Professor Farnsworth: How do you people do it? How do you go on knowing there's nothing more to know?!
Fry: I watch TV. It's the next best thing to bein' alive.
Professor Farnsworth: What's the use? I'm just not capable of the happiness of the dumb. If only I'd made some mistake!
Stephen Hawking's head: You didn't. I checked the invariance of your Lagrangian. Hubba-hubba.
Professor Farnsworth: Then there's nothing left to do! Nothing!
Bender: Would it cheer you up if I punched Fry in the groin? 'Cause I'll do it. Regardless. Body blow! Body blow!
Professor Farnsworth: I devoted every waking minute to answering the fundamental questions of science.
Professor Farnsworth: I never married.
Professor Farnsworth: Rarely went outside!
Professor Farnsworth: And, now that I've found all the answers, I realise that what I was living for were the questions!
Fry way and not some other way. I wonder why it did that.
Stephen Hawking's head: Probably magnets.
Professor Farnsworth the laws of physics what they are? Instead of some other laws? To find out, we'd have to recreate the conditions before the Big Bang. It would take decades of work by thousands of scientists in a particle accelerator powered by dump trucks of flaming grant money. Of course, there'd be no guarantee of success. And, in any case, I'd never live to see it.
Leela: I'm surprised you lived through that sentence.
Hermes: Sorry you wasted your life, Professor. I guess you never know everything after all.
Professor Farnsworth: Indeed. The pursuit of knowledge is hopeless and eternal. Hooray!
Amy: Yay!
Hermes: Yeah-heah!
Bender: Woohoo! Alright! Yay!
Professor Farnsworth: Action Delivery Force, assemble!
Bender: And me, Mighty Merchandise Robot!
Transition Announcer: Meanwhile, on Space Planet 4, the Aliens who communicate by dancing...
Transition Announcer: Were worshipping a giant comet.
Subtitle: All hail great comet! Beloved mascot of popular shrimp crunch snack! Also God. Foreigners killed our God! Many words of disapproval!
Leela What is that box, you old witch?
Professor Farnsworth Wha? The marvellous device. It's detecting a massive burst of anger. From deep space!
Subtitle: There is Earth! Attack it as previously discussed!
Fry: Flying bananas? Ha ha! I will slice them on my morning fish porridge.
Professor Farnsworth: This is no time for one of your jokes, Fry.
Fry I will lead the defence fight.
Professor Farnsworth: Ha ha ha ha! Don't make me laugh. If we fight, we'll surely be destroyed.
Hermes: Then what is our only hope?!
Amy: We must summon Zagtar, defender of space!
Hermes forget!
Hermes: Zagtar was destroyed by the crystal space devil!
Leela: The crystal space devil was once my brother, Prince Hiroshi.
Leela: I mourn his loss. But what matters now is protecting Earth from that fruit armada.
Professor Farnsworth: I see your mother, the water Mutant, didn't raise any fools, Turanga Leela. Our only hope is to communicate with the Aliens. And show them our peaceful intentions.
Bender: Perhaps they speak perfect English... As do we.
Professor Farnsworth: We can't take that chance! We'll need my universal auto-translator!
Professor Farnsworth is my universal auto-translator!
Fry: That will show them our peaceful intentions.
Professor Farnsworth: The only question is, "Who should be our spokesman?!"
Zoidberg: Me! Me! Choose Zoidberg.
Fry: Zoidberg, a diplomat? The list of things I've heard now contains everything.
Zoidberg like a samurai honeymoon mask, but inside I'm as soft and sensitive as a girl made of custard!
Cubert: Custard time?! Hooray!
Zoidberg: Please! I am certain I will succeed with my delicate manner. Oops.
Leela will send the peace transmission. Most honoured visitors, we greet you in peace.
Subtitle: Why does it flap its face hole? I am puzzled, for we don't know what mouths are. It's a threat! Destruct them!
Hattie!
Professor Farnsworth: All attempts to communicate with the Aliens have failed. I fear our only option is thrilling space battle.
Bender and Fry: Power friends, go!
Male voice: Launch all missiles! Launch all missiles!
Professor Farnsworth: We were defeated in battle.
Bender: Oh, no! They're forming Gigatron!
Professor Farnsworth: Defeat is ours. If we can't communicate with these bone-jelly ghosts, we're doomed!
Amy Aliens' movements with this movement analyser.
Professor Farnsworth: That device was a gift from my ancestors. Go on.
Amy their movements are a form of language. Rather than speaking Ja—
Transition Announcer: English!
Amy: Like us, they speak by dancing.
Professor Farnsworth: Of course! Having no mouths our ears, they could only communicate through motions!
Fry: Or perhaps by odours!
Bender communicate!
Amy, Leela, Fry, Bender, and Hermes: Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Leela peace dance. But it will have to be smoother an' more fluid than any movement mankind is capable of.
Fry: What if we hire a buttered geisha?
Professor Farnsworth: Another one of your ill-timed jokes, Fry?!
Fry: You an' I are enemies now!
Zoidberg: Hear my words. I believe I, the most humble member of Action Delivery Team, could do such a dance!
Hermes: Surely, your heart shell is too rigid! I call on anyone but you to do the peace dance!
Zoidberg: Aw.
Bender, I will do the peace dance. But I will need 'elp.
Bender and Fry: Super Dance Squad, initiate!
Amy: We all hope they're communicating a peaceful message!
Subtitle: Hey Aliens, we will kill you! And dishonor your widows by making them gather wood! Fire a the weapon!
Professor Farnsworth: Wha, wha?! We thought we were so smart with our science and dancing, but look at us now: At Gigatron's mercy!
Zoidberg: The shame is too great. It's time to end this! Huh-yah! Feh!
Leela: Zoidberg, stop! We are too scared right now to enjoy the ceremony of your death!
Zoidberg! The gelatinous dance of peace!
Hermes may be gelatinous, but not even the Mochi Phanton could perform such intricate motions!
Zoidberg: Says you, salaryman!
Subtitle: What is the medical crab doing?
Zoidberg: Behold! The dance of peace!
Bender: The dance is so complex! The eye can barely follow it!
Zoidberg: I may be the humblest Team member, but I have given it my all.
Amy: I underestimated you, medical crab. But will the Aliens understand?!
Subtitle: We have understand peace.
Subtitle: Farewell, Action Team.
Professor Farnsworth: Zoidberg, you are the greatest hero. You saved us all.
Zoidberg: For now. But another threat from the stars is sure to arise next week at the same time!
Leela: Until then...
Bender and Fry: Action Delivery Force star-hero rocket engage!
Farnsworth Planet Express crew, report to headquarters immediately! Repeat: what I just said, immediately!!
Amy Step away from the car and no one gets hurt!
Zoidberg: To the employment cave!
Hermes: Thanks, dear. Off to work.
Scruffy: Hyah! Hyah!
Scruffy G'on now. Gid on back ta Paraguay.
Fry: We're bein' eaten by a giant spider!
Leela: There's no time for that! The Professor needs us!
Farnsworth as you know, I've delivered a lot of good news in the past. But what I'm about to lay down is, by far, the greatest announcement in the history of Planet Express!
Fry: What is it? I'm on the edge of my butt!
Farnsworth soda machine!
Zoidberg: You undersold it, Professor!
Fry Look, it has Slurm Loco! It's the extremeiest!
Soda Machine: Hey, what can I get y'all?
Fry Shut up and give me a Slurm Loco!
Bender: Ooh ooh! Hey, drink machine, what kind of alcoholic sodas you got?
Soda Machine: Y'all can't drink at work! This ain't a saw mill!
Bender: No alcohol?! Pfft, an' you got the nerve to call yourself a beverage machine?!
Soda machine: I call myself "Bev". An' if you're lookin' for a smelly ol' can o' booze, go look in the mirror!
Fry: Oh, snap!
Bender: Wooooh—
Hermes: No, now, everybody, calm down.
Fry
Fry Pretty neat, huh?
Hermes: I was wondering who Shrek'd in the toilet.
Bender You've turned this perfectly worthless loser into an addict!
Bev I'm just a cold grinder's daughter tryin' ta stay off the pole.
Bender
Bev: Well, I guess a fella's gotta talk big when he's sportin' a little shriveled-up antenna like that.
Bender: What?! You—ih—For your information, "madam", it's a grower, not a show-er!
Bender: My antenna's fine! It's just fine! Ladies can't get enough Bender!
Esther I need to loosen up. Gimme a screwdriver.
Bender: Helloooooo! Who's your half-dumb friend?
Ruth: Me.
Bender: Sure, why not?
Esther: Hang on. It's too bright in here. Call me old-fashioned, but I like a little romance in an orgy.
Ruth: Let's switch off this weird light.
Fry Yow!
Bender Fry, it's two a.m.!  What're ya doin' here glowin' on my skanks?
Fry
Ruth We don't gotta put up with this! We got polyside degrees.
Bender I'll just politely escort him in the gutter!
Bender: Scram, shiny!
Bender: All right! How we feelin'?
Ruth: Hot. I could bake a potato in my cleavage.
Esther: Yeah, I need a seltzer.
Bender Uh, hey, drink machine, ya got anything classy for these delicate flowers?
Bev: I ain't makin' drinks for no trashy robosluts!
Esther: Trashy? At least I don't put out for quarters!
Esther: Hey!
Bender Hey! Stop that...drink machine! Stop it, I say!
Esther: That's it! We're outta here!
Ruth: C'mon. We'll split a blintz.
Bender: Wait! Gimme a chance to defend your honor. And then sell it to you on the couch!
Bender
Bev: You try it and I'll bash yo' face in!
Bender: Ooh! I'm so scared...no-arms!
Bev
Bender: Interesting!
Leela: Uh, Fry, you're glowing like the Human Torch on prom night.
Amy: Shouldn't you be standing on a rocky coast somewhere preventing shipwrecks?
Fry Nice! Hate me because of the brightness of my skin!
Fry: You okay, ma'am? I think your soda water broke.
Fry: My God! Bev just had a baby in my cup!
Fry: I know, right?
Leela  Wait, no he isn't.
Leela (cont'd): He looks like Bender!
Bender: Oh, no no no! No way am I that kid's dad!
Baby: Wipe my tiny metal ass!
Bender: Ah, crap.
Baby: Mama, thirsty!
Bev: Hang on, dumplin'. My milk's comin' in.
Zoidberg: Uch! In public?!
Bender: Ah, biscuits! I'm a father?! How did this happen?!!
Bev Does this ring a bell?
Bender: Are you tellin' me the stuff we did in private and also twice on the sidewalk made a baby robot? How?!
Amy: Aw, Bender, didn't your mom ever tell you where robot babies come from?
Bender: No. She was a religious fundamentalist. Plus she didn't have a mouth. It's an unusual combination.
Farnsworth: Come on, everyone. Let's take Bender to the teen center to learn about the bots and the bees.
Leela: It's okay, Bender. No one here will laugh at you for not knowing where robot babies come from.
Tinny Tim: We don't know, either.
Farnsworth Then prepare to be embarrassed.
Narrator SEX ED. VOLUME ONE or PANTS FULL of SHAME!
Narrator: Meet Gerald, a maturing young robot.
Spotty Teen Robot: Hey, he looks like me!
Narrator: His hideous appearance is a byproduct of his hardware gearing up for an important mission: reproduction.
Fat-bot: Oh boy oh boy oh boy!
Narrator: Since factories can't manufacture enough robots to meet demand, robots can also reproduce by mating.
Bender you tell me!
Narrator: First, Gerald must find a female robot. The best he can do is Francine.
Narrator: After beer and hot wings at a local gas station, the two enjoy intimate time behind a dumpster. It's all perfectly natural. Let's watch, aroused, as Gerald's antenna uploads a binary file to Francine's internal drive.
Narrator Yes, everything your body does is perfectly natural.
Narrator: Except masturbation! That's...just...wrong!!!
Bender: Daaaw, I can't believe I made a kid! I'm not ready! There's so much in the world I haven't stolen yet!
Leela: Relax, Bender. No one would let you near a child. Bev will get custody and you'll be a deadbeat dad who never even bothers to know his own son.
Bender You really think so?
Leela so. You're absolutely horrible in every way.
Bender You're sweet, Leela.
Bender So here's my certificate of abandonment drawn up by our notary.
Scruffy: That'll be ten bucks.
Bender
Bev
Fry
Bev: I still got womanly needs! Who's gonna look twice at me with this dirty leash hangin' off my dairy nozzle?
Bender Well, not me, that's for sure!
Bev He's all yours, pappy!
Bender: Hey, wait! You can't le— Wha?
Bender
Bender sleep?
Fry: I left my window open and moths got in.
Bender
Bender: Hey, he stopped screamin' for a second.
Fry: Bend some other stuff!
Bender's Son: Bend! Bend!
Bender That's my bastard!
Bender: Uh-oh.
Ben:  Bend it, daddy!  Bend it like it called you poo-poo face!
Bender:  It called me what?!?  Ooooh!  God damn!
Ben:  Yay!  You bended it like a p'etzel!
Bender:  Okay.  Now, you.
Ben:  I can't do it!
Bender:  Eh, buddy.  You're learnin'.  You'll get there.
Leela:  Bender, I was wrong.  You're a fine parent and I want to apologi—
Bender and Ben
Ben:  Daddy, how'd you get so good at bending?
Bender:  I inherited my arm-control software from my mom.  That's how it's passed down.  Mother to son.
Ben:  But...my mommy had no arms.  Does that mean I can never be a bender?
Bender:  Well, sure you can.  You just need to get a bending card installed.
Farnsworth I hate to crush a boy's dreams, but...  What the heck!  He has only one expansion slot and it holds his memory card.  This Robot will never bend!
Bender:  Don't tell my son what he can an' can't do!  You may know what's in his head, but you don't know what's in his heart!
Farnsworth:  There's no slot in there either.
Bender:  I said "shut up"!
Reverend Preacherbot: Today marks young Ben's thirteenth day of bein' left on contin-yussly! So, b'fo the lawd at this congregation, we upgrade him to manhoodbot! Can I get a "mazl tov"?
Leela, Bender, Hermes, Farnsworth, Amy and Zoidberg: Mazl tov!
Fry Mazl tov!
Ben Twice was enough. But seriously, today, I'm not just a manbot, I'm the luckiest manbot alive. My mom may have abandoned me, but I have the greatest dad in the whole universe. He's patient, he's not afraid to show his emotions....
Bender Don't look at me!
Ben: ...and someday, if my dreams come true, I'll be a bender, just like him.
Hermes: You must be so proud of your boy.
Bender I can take 'im or leave 'im.
Bev: I'm back for my son! I've come to take him and leave with him!
Hermes things!
Bev: It's okay, son. Mama's here now.
Ben: Daddy, don't let 'er take me!
Bender: Get your lack o' hands off my boy! You're an unfit parent who abandoned her child!
Bev: Oh, yeah? Well, I'm still less unfitter than you!
Bender: Sez hoo?!
Bev: Sez this document you gave me when you tried to abandon Ben first.
Scruffy: It's genuine.
Bender: That doesn't prove I'm an unfit parent! I was drunk and violent when I signed that!
Bev! He's comin' with me!
Ben: DADDYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!
Bender SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON!!!
Bender
Hermes: That's it, Fry! For a guy who's not too bright, you're too damn bright!
Farnsworth: Now get out!! And don't come back until someone finds a use for a million watt idiot!
Ben: Mom, will I ever get to see Dad again?
Bev: No, he died yesterday. Rust monsters ate his face. Sweet dreams.
Bender Psst, quit whimperin' or ya don't get kidnapped!
Ben: Dad!
Bender: Come on! Let's run for it!
Ben, Dad?
Bender: Well, I reckon we'll just sit around this campfire a while.
Ben: But then what?
Bender: Only a fool plans more than a few centuries ahead, son.
URL Freeze, camp woodsmen!
Smitty: You're under arrest for kidnapping and burning raccoons without a permit!
Ben: It's over, Dad!
Bender it!
Bender There's a dam!
Ben: Damn!
Bender: There's a grate!
Ben: Great!
Bender: But I can't bend anything with my arms agonizingly maimed like this!
Ben: Well, maybe I can!
Bender: You can do it, son!
URL: Yeah, this ain't gon' happen.
Bender: Is that even necessary?
Ben: I'm sorry, Daddy.
Bender: You got nothin' to be sorry about.
Leela He's really a very good father.
URL Aw, yeah.
Bev: I promise things'll be different, son. From now on, I'm chainin' you to a radiator!
Leela It's another soda baby!
URL: Damn!
Leela: You got knocked up by a police officer while he was looking for your kidnapped child?!
Bev: Sure did! I still got it!
Bender what happens?
Bev: Tell you what, you keep the big one. Long as I got a baby to neglect, I'm happy.
Leela: Should we call child services?
URL Naw, let's get outta here.
Bender Woo?
Ben: Sorry, Dad. I'm glad to be back. I'm just kinda bummed I can't bend stuff. All I ever wanted was to go to Bending State, Santa Cruz. But that's never gonna happen.
Bender: Listen, you need somethin' bent, you come to me, huh, champ?
Bender: Dammit! I love that little guy so much! I'd sacrifice any four of you if it would help him bend even a little!
Farnsworth Eh, but, no. It's too horrible!
Bender: Nothing's too horrible for my boy!
Farnsworth: Well, I could install a bending card.
Bender: But you said he only has one slot!
Farnsworth: Correct! I'd have to remove his memory card! He'd be able to bend, but he'd lose all his memories! He wouldn't even remember who you are!
Bender: You sure you wanna be a bender, son?
Ben: More than anything.
Bender
Ben: Dad, are you crying?
Bender: "No," I said with the mouth you're lookin' at.
Bender You sure take after your old man.
Ben: I never knew my father.
Bender important is that we get you to Bending State Santa Cruz in time for registration!
Zoidberg Registration ends in one hour!
Bender: To the ship!
Leela: It's too foggy! We can't navigate through this storm! Our lights aren't bright enough.
Bender: I'm sorry I let you down, son.
Ben: Who are you again?
Bender: It's just not possible to get you to bending school this year.
Fry there?!
Fry: Merry College Registration Day, everyone!
Leela: A lot of weather we're having.
Fry Shall we go a-trousering?
Leela: Fry, I appreciate the gallantry, but isn't this a bit much?
Fry You're right. I'm sorry for showing my love.
Leela Okay. Fine.
Fry: Here, take my hand!
Farnsworth: News and weather, everyone. I'm sure you've all noticed the bizarre atmospheric conditions of late.
Hermes: Come to mention it, yes.
Farnsworth: It seems something ain't right in the magnetosphere, so I'm launching this high-altitude weather balloon to gather more data.
Fry: My pants! My lucky pants!
Hermes: They don't look so lucky to me.
Fry! And I was wearing them when I first met Leela, so, yeah, they're lucky!
Leela: Aw...also, oh, Lord.
Fry: Plus, they're my only pants.
Bender Woo!
Farnsworth: Soon your trousers will slip the surly bonds of Earth, and ascend to the heavens!
Fry
Hermes: Look out! A Central Park badger!
Fry: I'll save you, pants! Scruffy, do you have any varmint grease?
Scruffy: What viscosity you need?
Fry Also, this grease is flammable!
Farnsworth: Incredible! Who could have done this? The sewer mutants?
Leela!
Fry: Leela! Take my hand!
Leela: I'm slipping! The one time your hands aren't sticky, they're greasy!
Fry: I'm sorry. Normally, I would have wiped them on my pants, but–
Fry: Are you okay?
Leela: I–ow! My leg! It's broken! How'd you get down here?
Fry I'll help you up. Here, take my hand.
Leela: Stop telling me to take your hand! Look, Fry, your noble things keep making things worse. Can't you just be a rude, unhelpful jerk like Bender?
Bender: When I use up the toilet paper I don't put up a new roll!
Zoidberg And no sign of that crafty badger!
Fry
Amy: Oh my God! Look what my flashlight found!
Zoidberg: A giant pyramid under New New York? What badger could have built this?
Farnsworth: And look at this intricately carved disk! It merits years of study. But how can we move such a fragile, precious–
Bender
Farnsworth
Scruffy: Sorry. I was eating a can of breakfast and looking at porn.
Amy It's not Mayan, it's Martian!
Leela: Amy, you grew up on Mars, right? Can you read Martian?
Amy I think it means..."The sun will erupt...all shall perish. Blah, blah, blah."
Bender: Get to the point! What does it say about me, Bender?
Amy
Bender: The world? That's where I live! Told you it'd say something about me!
Fry: So the world will end in three thousand twelve. Why does that year sound so familiar?
Farnsworth: Because that's the year that's this year! See?
Scruffy So, uh...are you all done with the computer?
Hermes: Is it just me - or is the world endin' more often these days?
Amy Then, it just ends!
Farnsworth It's starting!  This is the end of the world!
Superhero from : Cowardman, away!
Nine it was cool.
Leela: Evacuating the planet in 3...2...
Farnsworth: So long, Earth! Thanks for nothing!
Leela: It's not starting!
Sal: Come on...comes on!
Nixon Damn thing just won't turn over. It's like Pat on a Sunday morning!
Farnsworth: Oh, the Marconi is on the fritz too! The electromagnetic storm is disabling all electronics on Earth!
Bender
Leela.
Fry! It may take a couple of hours, but–
Leela Whatever time we have left, just live it with me. So...you wanna join the balcony club?
Zoidberg have an individual membership!
Fry: Zoidberg, get lost!
Zoidberg lost! So long.
Amy: Stop the end-of-the-world sex! We might survive after all!
Farnsworth: Alright, Amy! What's so important that you interrupted my embalming?
Amy It's a rocketship!
Zoidberg: It was worth waiting five hours to hear you finish that sentence.
Fry: A spaceship made of stone? With no electronics, it just might work!
Bender
Leela: Hmmm...I've never flown a pyramid before. But I used to drive around town in a mausoleum!
Hermes: How many people can this thing carry?
Leela: Well, the mausoleum held ten horny teenagers, so...maybe thirty-thousand.
Farnsworth
Zapp
Nixon: Welcome to the hidey house. Brannigan! Tell me about this freaky-deaky escape pyramid!
Zapp: I can fly it, sir! I just need to know where. And how.
Nixon
Amy: But we can only save thirty-thousand people! How do we choose who goes?
Nixon
Fry But it's okay. Because then I'll die.
Nixon: Cut the waterworks, hippie! The final decision will be made not by me, but by a cold, logical machine!
Announcer: Who shall live and who shall die? Step right up to the Contrabulous Choosematron!
Fry: I hate waiting in line to die.
Announcer: Move it along, grandma! Stick your hand in and take your chances!
Contrabulous Choosematron
Hattie Damn straight, kajigger!
Petunia: Ooh, me next!
Contrabulous Choosematron
Contrabulous Choosematron
Contrabulous Choosematron
Amy and the Contrabulous Choosematron Sigma beta, see ya later!
Contrabulous Choosematron
Hermes: I wish they'd hurry. I want to get out of here before the mayhem starts!
Bender Woo-eee!
Fry
Contrabulous Choosematron 'Cause I like his pants.
Fry: Yes! My lucky pants! Leela! We can go together after all! Come on, get your badge! Take my hand!
Contrabulous Choosematron
Leela: What?!
Contrabulous Choosematron: With all spaceships inoperable, we only need one spaceship pilot!
Zapp Snake door. Roger!
Fry
Contrabulous Choosematron
Fry: Nooo!
Leela: Fry. The box has spoken. Go to Mars.
Fry Remember how Bender dumped all that pig's blood on me?
Leela
Fry I wish I could remember with my boobs.
Farnsworth We'll see ourselves out.
Fry
Leela
Fry: A-ah-uh-uh! A magician never reveals his secrets. Except the Great Reveal-o!
Zoidberg: That guy stinks.
Nixon get the window seat.
Zapp I figured it out!
Bender
Leela Wait! Fry?
Nine
Leela: Oh, no!
Leo: Welcome to Mars! It is with heavy heart and open arms that we receive Earth's only survivors! Admission: twenty dollar.
Amy: Dad! Gleesh!
Zapp We come to your planet to construct a gleaming city! A second Earth on which to begin anew!
Inez: Okay! Admission: twenty dollar!
Leela: I can't believe it. Fry sacrificed his spot for me and I never even had a chance to thank him.
Zoidberg Don't worry, Leela! Earth is still there. Peaceful and serene as ever.
Fry: Bender! You're stealing your own stuff!
Bender You want a Torah?
Fry: Nah, I'm not hungry.
Bender
Fry: No. 'Cause as long as Leela lives, I'll be alive too. In her heart. But really I'll be dead!
Nixon Dick Francisco!
Great Reveal-o: The doves didn't magically spring from my hand, but rather were crammed into this netting sewn into my sleeve!
Zapp".
Leela
Unknown person: Stop the ceremony!
Nixon: Who is this non-Washington redskin?
Singing Wind: I am Singing Wind. Chief of the native Martian tribe.
Leela: But I thought your people abandoned this planet.
Singing Wind: We did! I just came back for my stuff. What are you guys doing here?
Farnsworth: Fleeing Earth, of course! We flew here in your great stone pyramid!
Singing Wind: Seriously? That thing flies?
Amy
Singing Wind Why you think we so eager to abandon this dump? You guys got ten, fifteen minutes max! Well, so long!
Amy
Zapp: To the spaceship!
Kif: There is no spaceship. You had it dismantled to build that statue!
Zapp Ah! Ah!
Farnsworth The final solar flare is going to bypass Earth and strike Mars!
Hermes: My God! One of the hundreds of contradictory prophecies is coming true!
Leela: I should have known better than to trust one of Fry's romantic gestures. Every time he says he loves me, I get killed!
Farnsworth: It's just as I only now began to fear! The solar flares are igniting subsurface gas pockets!
Amy: Ah! Mars is being blasted out of its orbit!
Leela: Fry! You noble idiot!
Fry: You're right, Bender! Grave robbing is fun! And these piñas coladas are fantastic!
Bender: The crazy weather cleared up too, for whatever reason!
Fry: All in all, it's a fine day for an apocalypse.
Bender: So...you don't miss whatshername?
Fry But even though we're millions of miles apart, somehow, I feel she's near me.
Bender: Very near!
Hattie: Oh, no! The kajigger of Gibraltar!
Dandy Jim
Gus: Thanks, friend!
Fry
Farnsworth: We're passing surprisingly close to Earth! When we reach 72nd Street, jump!
Zapp: Ah...cushiony!
Amy: We made it! We're back home!
Hermes: Okay. Today is still a work day, so–
Leela I'm still on Mars and I can't jump!
Fry: Hang on, Leela! I'll save you again!
Leela: Or somebody else could do it!
Fry
Leela
Fry: I got her.
Leela: Ow!
Fry: Oops! Try again!
Leela: We're too far apart!
Fry
Leela
Fry ...aaah!
Zoidberg: Good thing Scruffy rescued Leela.
Scruffy: Don't thank me. Thank the ladder.
Farnsworth
Fry: I hope you're not too mad at me, Leela. For tearing your arm off and all.
Leela: I can't be mad. I'm on way too many painkillers. Plus, you were willing to sacrifice yourself so I could live! I mean, you failed...miserably...but you're the only person who loves me enough to try.
Fry
Bender: Free beer?!
Bender Hello. I'm here for the...free beer?
iZac
Bender
Nixon Well, there's plenty more where that came from!
iZac: We're all out o' beer!
Nixon And furthermore, by golly, I promise to cut taxes for the rich and use the poor as a cheap source of teeth for aquarium gravel!
Fry: Yeah, that'll show those poor!
Leela: Why are you cheering, Fry? You're not rich!
Fry: True. But someday I might be rich, and people like me better watch their step!
Leela Let's just find Bender.
Bender: Ah...that hit the spot!
Fry: I found Bender!
Bender: Good news, everyone!
Farnsworth: Wha?
Bender Go Nixon!
Leela: Bender, you can't even vote. You're a convicted felon!
Bender: Convicted, sentenced and executed! But Nixon passes a law that says ex-cons can vote again...as long as they vote for Nixon.
Leela: But Nixon's the worst president in history. And alternate history! The rest of you aren't voting for him, are you?
Fry: Sure, we are!
Zoidberg: Why not?
Farnsworth: Of course!
Amy: Spluh!
Zoidberg: He may not be perfect, but do we really want some unknown new guy? I'll stick with the evil maniac I know, thank you.
Leela: Well, I think we can do better. This year, I'm going to get involved in the political process and make my voice heard.
Farnsworth: What?
Morbo
Leela: Is this the political process? 'Cause I'm here to get involved in it.
Morbo Question one. Will you pledge today to somehow reduce taxes while simultaneously lowering the deficit.
Candidate 1: Hey, that's a good idea! Sure.
Candidate 2: If it'll win me the election, then yes.
Candidate 3 That's all.
Morbo: Senator Travers?
Travers: Look, let's be honest here. No one likes taxes. But they pay for our basic needs. Roads, schools, defence. If we hope to realise our aspirations as a great planet, we must each pay our fair share to achieve those noble goals.
Morbo Question two: The environment. Yes or no?
Candidate 1: No. It's junk science.
Candidate 2: Two words: Condor attack. Don't want that. Got to say no.
Travers
Candidate 5
Leela: Hello? I'd like to volunteer. Is anyone lurking?
Leela Senator Travers? That's no way to win an election.
Travers: I give up. No one cares about my message. I never should have used the same P.R. guy as One Hour Hot Dog!
Travers' P.R. guy People will wait for something good.
Leela
Travers: 10,000 views? That's more than most water-skiing squirrels get. You really think I have a chance?
Leela: Absolutely. We just need to conceal your intelligence and honesty in a hipper, dumber package.
Travers You, out!
Travers' P.R. guy: You haven't heard the last of m–
Linda: Election 3012. The choosening!
Linda
Morbo: Chris Travers got a bump in the new Hampshire polls today, where he simuldined in 250 diners at once via hologram.
Travers
Linda
Morbo
Calculon
Leela: He won the nomination! We the people did it!
Hermes: It wasn't "we the people". It was you the mutant. Your insightful nagging really won us over.
Fry: Yeah. You explained his positions in a way even an idiot could understand. And that appealed to me, for whatever reason.
Leela: Thanks, guys, but we have a lot of work ahead of us. If we're going to win the election, we've all got to get involved.
Fry: You said it!
Amy: That's right.
Bender
Nixon: I'm not sure if it's safe to talk. Are you wearing a wire?
Bender
Nixon: Excellent. Now, listen. We got to get some dirt on this Travers guy. Really McGovern him up. You know who McGovern was, right?
Nixon: I don't even know who you are.
Bender
Travers: Hey, what's that rifling sound?
Bender
Bender: All right. I'm going to catch Travers on video at this sleazy strip club.
Bender: In and out of the club 13 times in one night. That's a record.
Nixon: Where's Travers? All I see is you going in and out.
Bender: Yeah, me. I set the record.
Nixon
Bender: Look, just give me one more chance. I got a source.
Nixon: Well, you did manage to get a tremendous urine sample.
Bender Let's not talk about that!
Bender: 'Is that you, big throat?
Big Throat
Bender: Listen, I need some dirt on Senator Chris Travers.
Hedonismbot There's nothing. He's as clean as a freshly waxed buttock.
Bender: Hey! Did you put your tongue in my ear?
Hedonismbot: Certainly not. I don't have a tongue.
Bender: Oh, good. 'Cause I don't have an ear.
Nixon Well? What did you get on Travers? Is he a draft dodger? Sex offender? Sex dodger?
Bender I'm sorry, but there's not one unusual thing about Senator Chris Zaxxar Travers.
Nixon: Wait, wait. His middle name is Zaxxar? Sounds kind of alien. The voters hate aliens.
Bender
Nixon: I don't care what he is. We'll start a rumour that he's an alien.
Bender: Hey, yeah. That'll cost him votes!
Nixon
Travers: And that's how you end hunger. Does anyone have any questions?
Bender I do, I do! Me, Bender!
Travers: Yes, the robot with the megaphone jumping up and down.
Bender
Ruth Bader Ginsburg: You Ruth Bader believe it!
Travers: But–but...I...Of course I was born on Earth!
Bender: Oh, really? Then we voters demand you release your Earth certificate so I can then claim it's a fake.
Travers: I'm not going to dignify this preposterous charge. Are there any real questions?
Scoop Chang: Scoop Chang, fox quote-unquote news. Senator, in the last ten seconds, I've heard reports you weren't actually born on earth. Care to evade these compelling charges?
Travers
Leela: Okay, let's nip this Earther movement in the bud by releasing your earth certificate. Where were you born?
Travers: Our Lady of Patriotism Hospital.
Leela: Patriotism, good! Where is it?
Travers: Kenya.
Leela: Cradle of humanity!
Travers: Leela, this is just a stupid distraction from the issues. Please don't look for my Earth certificate.
Travers: Hey! That was my favorite window. I better see what they want.
Bender and the protestors: We want an earthling, not a dirty space thing!
Leela: Why are you rednecks doing this?
Travers: Leela, don't stereotype. Why are you yokels doing this?
Septic tank
Travers: But I come from Earth.
Hattie: Then show us yer Earth whatchacallit! Long-form certificate of live birth!
Travers: What would it take to convince you people? Would I have to have been born right before your eyes?
Sal: It wouldn't hurts.
Bender: Hit it, rubes!
Bender and the protestors: We don't want a foreigner! We want someone born here!
Bender: Ah, I'm still working on that one.
Leela: What's wrong with you? Why are you sabotaging a decent, honest candidate?
Bender: 'Cause they won't let me near the Hoover Dam anymore!
Leela What a bunch of xenophobes. It's time to find Senator Travers' earth certificate and put an end to this nonsense. Who wants to help me break into the hospital in Kenya?
Fry: I'll come. As long as there's no xenophobes there.
Bender: I want to come, too.
Leela: You? Why?
Bender: To prove that I can put divisive partisan politics aside to participate in a break-in.
Bender: Hospital ho!
Leela: Shh! It's a herd of night watchmen.
Leela I don't understand. There's no earth certificate in here.
Travers I told you not to look.
Fry: So, you're not from Earth after all.
Travers: Of course I'm from earth.
Leela Wait a second. There's no Earth certificate, but it does say your mother was admitted to the maternity ward...this morning!
Travers: I should have known the truth would come out sooner or later. The fact is, I really was born on earth...tomorrow. You see, I'm not from another planet. I'm from the future.
Fry: You're from the future?
Leela: This is crazy! You're from the future?
Travers: Yes. I was sent back from the year 3028 to prevent Nixon from getting elected.
Fry: I was sent forward from the year 2000, but you don't hear me gassing on about it.
Leela: But why would it be so important to stop Nixon?
Travers Oh, God. I can't bring myself to describe it!
Fry: Oh, well. Want to hear about how I got frozen?
Travers: Not really.
Travers: It all started with Nixon's promise to build an alien-proof fence around the solar system. Without cheap alien labour for menial jobs like harvesting crops, teaching math and curing disease, the economy collapsed.
Travers: Starvation. Desperation. Despair.
Bender: So far, so good. Then what?
Travers: Unable to feed the world's starving masses, Nixon took bold action.
Nixon: In this time of crisis, I call upon the soylent major–I mean, silent majority.
Bender: Still good.
Travers: With the working class gone, robots were forced to do all the menial labor.
Travers: Before long, they rose up in revolt. Led by a bending unit named B.B. Rodriguez.
Bender: Wait...I know a robot named B.B. Rodriguez!
Bender: Wait...I am a robot named B.B. Rodriguez! So, I become ruler of earth?
Travers: Indeed.
Bender: In your face, high school guidance counselor!
Travers
Travers
Travers: I would be raised by my grandparents, somehow get into Harvard law school, become a community organizer, a senator and finally...defeat Richard Nixon.
Travers: I escaped just as the robots arrived.
Future Bender: All right, I'm low on bullets. Everybody scooch together.
Leela: It's not too late. You can still win the election.
Travers: No, I can't. The Earthers are right. I have no earth certificate.
Leela: But you will have one in just a few hours. And everyone will know it's real, cause we'll broadcast your birth on live TV!
Fry: If it's on TV, it has to be real!
Morbo to present breaking coverage of the birth of Senator Chris Travers.
Linda: We now go live to the delivery room, where we're already at there.
Travers' mother: Ow!
Leela: Back, please! She needs room.
Travers' mother: Thanks.
Leela: Not you. The camerawoman needs room!
Linda: This is it, ladies and gentlemen. The candidate is...I believe he's crowning!
Travers: Push, Mom, push. You can do it.
Petunia: I bet nothing comes out. Just you watch.
Linda: Here comes the head. And now the neck!
Morbo: Linda, I'm down here at the pelvis, and folks round these parts can't remember the last time a time-traveling senator attended his own birth. Back to you.
Linda: Thanks, Morbo. You be careful down there.
Linda: And the candidate is born! We have a birth...repeat, we have a birth!
Hoschel: Aw...he's got his own eyes.
Petunia: Well, who'd have thunk it. He was born all right, just like he said.
Morbo: And with the polls now closed in every time zone worldwide, from Tomorrowland to the Republic of Yesterday, we are able to declare a winner. Chris Travers, who leapt backwards in time and ahead in the polls, has defeated Richard Nixon.
Leela: He did it! He did it!
Senator Ravers: Yes!
Leela
Chris Travers: It's all thanks to you, Leela. You stood by me and exposed my private medical records, even after I begged you not to.
Leela: Aw, thanks. Now, get up to that podium and change the world.
Amy: Too bad your pal Nixon lost, Bender. You must be pretty glorked off.
Bender: Nope. I don't give a bag of butts who won the election. Nothing's going to change.
Leela: What? How can you say that?
Bender: Watch and learn.
Chris Travers Hey, what's-what's going on? What's happening?
Bender: You see, since Nixon wasn't elected, the robot uprising didn't happen and Travers never got sent back from the future. It's Politics 101!
Morbo: And the votes are in. Richard Nixon, running unopposed, has been reelected by a narrow landslide.
Hermes: Say what?
Nixon: My fellow Earthicans, I am honored and humbled to gloat before you tonight as your next president.
Fry: Wow, it really doesn't matter who you vote for.
Leela: At least we tried to make a difference by supporting Senator...Senator... What was his name again?
Fry: I don't remember!
Hermes: We never even left this building.
Farnsworth: What?!
Nixon: Nixon always wins! A-woo!
Morris: But let me just say, for 40 years, my beautiful wife Munda has been by my side Even that year my side mutated into some kind of venomous radish.
Munda: And, Morris, I fell in love with your honesty and humility.And those things never mutated.
Leela: Now, if you'll direct your attention to this moldy shower curtain, I've prepared a video tribute to the happy couple. In their 40 years together, my parents have been through so much. Well, not that much, actually, since mutants weren't allowed to leave the sewers until last year.
Leela: So, how did it all begin? The unlikely lovebirds met at Brown University. She, a brilliant exolinguistics major, he, a laid-back sewer surfer who didn't even know the meaning of "exolinguistics".
Morris: I still have no idea.
Munda: I've been telling you for 40 years, it's the study of alien languages. Why can't you listen?
Morris: Oh, sugar lump, I hear you when you actually say something important.
Leela: But sometimes opposites attract, and like the fairy tale of face mutant and butt mutant, the love of Munda and Morris has grown stronger every day.
Munda: "Something important"? Exolinguistics was my passion. Until I gave it up to go into the lucrative pot-roast-making field.
Morris: Pot-roast-burning. I never got why you studied that alien junk anyway. We can't even see the stars down here in the sewer. Why can't you accept that?
Munda: I did accept it for 40 years! But now we're free to go up there. I could be in space seeing things I've only dreamed about, if it weren't for you!
Morris: I had dreams, too! I was going to surf the world's sewers, but I happily gave it up for you. Happily!
Munda: I just want a little more out of life. But no, you don't want to go into space because you're too afraid.
Morris: You bet I'm afraid. You want to go? Go! Get your head knocked off by a meteorite.
Leela: Okay, take a deep breath. You're having a little lovers' quarrel, but I'm sure you'll work everything -
Raoul Inglis: Divorce is final.
Munda: Don't worry. I'm only going to stay with you until a vacancy opens up on this floor.
Hermes: People, as company bureaucrat, I will today be conducting the annual performance review. With a twist.
Fry
Hermes] Zoidberg.
Zoidberg] Classic Hermes.
Hermes: Let the interviews begin. Good luck, everybody but Zoidberg.
Amy
Amy] I will be sure to snore that science lamp right away.
Hermes: Now, Leela, couldn't we just fire you and have Fry or Bender fly the ship?
Leela: Not if you stand on their air hose much longer.
Hermes: Noted.
Scruffy: My job? Toilets 'n' boilers, boilers 'n' toilets. Plus that one boiling toilet. Fire me if'n you dare.
Hermes: Now, then, while many of you do half-ass jobs and the rest do jobs whose ass ratio ranges from 42% to a mere 11%, only the most pathetically useless employee will be fired today. And that employee is -
Hermes: - Hermes Conrad.
Amy: What?!
Leela: No way!
Zoidberg: Hermes, no!
Hermes: Yes. My performance review proves the main drag on our profit is the time I waste on performance reviews.
Fry
Hermes] They'll be here two seconds ago.
Hermes: I suppose you're here to tell me to pack it in?
Center Square Guy: Only if you buy me dinner first.
Hermes: I'm being fired. I don't think it's appropriate to joke around like that.
Center Square Guy: You're right, Hermes. Meet Mark 7-G, the machine who's replacing you.
Mark 7-G: I'm Mark 7-G, the machine who's replacing you.
Hermes] Will you be conducting an exit interview?
Center Square Guy: Well, I wouldn't say no to a little friendly debriefing.
Mark 7-G: Bureaucrat Conrad, you are ordered to relieve yourself of duty.
Center Square Guy
Center Square Guy.]
Hermes: Well, this is it. But I want you to know working here has been the experience of a lifetime.
Farnsworth] Off you go.
Bender] ow!
Zoidberg: Traitor! My friend's ample tuchus is barely out the door, and you're already schmoozing up to his replacement?
Amy: Um, Zoidberg? I don't think Hermes really liked you. In fact, he hated you more than anyone ever hated anyone.
Zoidberg: What, you mean the remarks and the hits? That was just friend teasing.
Bender: Oy.
Zoidberg: You don't understand. He was the only one who cared enough to insult me.
Leela: I insult you, you fat sack.
Zoidberg] I'll never see Hermes again.
Hermes: On the bright side, I'll never see Zoidberg again.
LaBarbara: Aw, there, there, husband. I made your favorite, curried goat.
Hermes: It better be spicy.
Judge Whitey: Well played.
Sal: Ows.
Robot Devil: Ah, fire. Aah! It burns! It burns!
Hermes: Hmm, not bad. Needs a little hot sauce.
Hermes: I just don't know how we'll get by.
LaBarbara: Then I guess this wouldn't be a good time to tell you that I'm pregnant.
Hermes: What?!
LaBarbara: I'm just joking, husband. See now? Things don't seem so bad any more, do they?
Hermes: You're right. Thank you, LaBarbara.
Roberto: This here is a mugging! Hand over your skin.
LaBarbara: My ebony splendor? Me don't think so.
Roberto: I said hand it over. I'm hungry! Ha-haw! Ha-haw!
Hermes: For God's sake, woman, just give him your skin! Can't you see he's crazy?!
Roberto: You calling me cra---zy?! Ain't nothing crazy about me but my brain. Right, brain? Right! No, not you, right brain. Right, left brain? Right! Okay, then. Ha-haw!
LaBarbara: Do something, Hermes.
Hermes: I can't! When I fight machinery, machinery always wins!
URL: Freeze, bagwad!
Smitty: You're under arrest for attempted epidermicide.
Roberto: I'm coming for you, man. Ain't no jail can hold me.
URL: That's why you're going straight to the electromagnetic chair.
Roberto: And then I'm-a stab it. Ha-haw!
Roberto: S-s-stop! It's driving me sane!
Fry: Hey, Bender, you should become an executioner. You could kill humans and wear a cool hood.
Bender: Nah, I like my victims to know who did it.
Hermes: Psst!
Bender: Hermes! Boy, am I indifferent to see you.
Hermes: We need to talk alone.
Leela: Fry, could you come in here and help me rub on this new scented body oil?
Fry: In a second. I'm eavesdropping.
Amy: Please, Fry? Leela punishes me when I don't use enough.
Fry: I said not now!
Bender: Sure, I know a guy.
Bender: Yuri here runs the most sanitary surgical implant parlor in Filthytown.
Hermes: So, I hear you're an expert in the shadowy field of body augmentation.
Yuri: I am expert in shadowy field of many things.
Hermes: I need something that'll make me less inferior to today's modern machinery. Can you help me?
Yuri: No problem. I prepare operating room.
Hermes: Oh, honey, I'm home!
Hermes
Okay, little man, let a professional bureaucrat show you how it's done.
Mark 7-G: My best wasn't good enough.
Hermes: I'll need my personnel file, please.
Zoidberg: Welcome back, old friend. I missed you terribly.
Hermes: You do everything terribly. And I'm not your friend.
Zoidberg] Good old Hermes. When he stops insulting, that's when I worry.
Farnsworth: Oh, dear! I was leaning over the sink eating pureed clams when my teeth fell in the disposal. Scruffy, could you retrieve them?
Scruffy: 'Taint a boiler nor a toilet. Pass.
Mark 7-G: Maybe I should get an extendo-arm.
Hermes: How long will it take to install an extendo-arm?
Yuri: I have golf game in half-hour, so half-hour.
Bender: A machine that can bend? No way.
Zoidberg: So, friend, welcome to my home. I'm very proud of it. But I want to hear what you think.
Zoidberg: "Oh, mon, I'm Hermes, and I think it stinks in here like a green snake, or something else that's Jamaican."
Zoidberg] Good one at my expense, Hermes.
Hermes: Now, calm down, dear. You know, you look even hotter in infrared.
Hermes: I still have one thing no robot shall ever have a good old flesh-and- blood human brain.
Hermes: Wait. You're not eating my discarded flesh, are you?
Zoidberg: How could you even ask such a thing? Of course, I tried eating you, but your flesh was too spicy.
Zoidberg: Something wonderful.
Florp: Give it way up for Dr. Zoidberg and Little Hermes.
Little Hermes: "Yeah, from restaurant to restaurant. Ho ho, mon."
Little Hermes: "I'm not your friend. I'm out of here the second you let go of my bowels.
Zoidberg: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. I'll be here all week.
Hermes: Alas, no. Seeing what I once was filled me with regret.
Hermes: Regret that I still have one human part. That meat puppet disgusts me. It's time for the ultimate upgrade.
Hermes: Exactly.
Yuri: Robot brain implant? Never. No one in right mind would do that.
Zoidberg: So, Little Hermes, are you ready to watch some brain surgery?
Little Hermes: "I'm ready to shoot myself if it'll get me off your lap."
Labarbara: Terminate the operation!
LaBarbara: I just got an urgent text from Little Hermes. You can't do this thing! You don't even know whose brain that is.
Hermes: It doesn't matter. Any robot brain will improve my fitness as a husband and father.
LaBarbara: You can't be a husband and father if you don't have a wife and son.
Hermes: Wait. I care about you too much to lose you. But my new robot brain won't. Commence the operation.
LaBarbara: Well you'll have to commence it without me, Hermes. And commence living without me. Because I will commence divorce proceedings. Oh, I hope to God I'm using that word correctly.
Farnsworth: Oh, I can't do this, Hermes. Your wife's moving plea has made me realize you might have litigious survivors.
LaBarbara: Oh, thank you, Professor. Come now. Let's go try that Korean noodle place you were telling me about.
Hermes: There will be no noodles until the operation is complete.
Farnsworth: You can't force me to operate.
Hermes: Maybe not, but perhaps I can encourage you with my encouragement drill.
Zoidberg: Wait. I'll perform the surgery.
Zoidberg: It's true, old friend. My claws are too clumsy for such delicate work.
Little Hermes: "But mine aren't."
Amy: Does anyone else find it freaky that Zoidberg is singing harmony with himself?
Fry: Oh, loosen up, Amy.
Zoidberg: I'll tell you what I've done. I've brought your husband back.
Hermes: Wife, son, I am so sorry. Once I started upgrading myself, I lost all control. But I see now that if you can't be man enough with your own parts, no amount of machinery will help.
Hermes: In the end, all his implants were no match for my wife's reckless seasoning.
LaBarbara: Now, husband, don't you think you owe Zoidberg a thank-you for saving you from yourself?
Hermes: But I hate him.
LaBarbara: Honey, we all do. But fair is fair.
Zoidberg: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. I'll be here forever.
Amy: He's doing it again.
Leela: Ugh! Fry! That's disgusting!
Fry: What?
Leela: You double-dipped! Geez.
Farnsworth: Crew, you're working too hard.
Bender: Tell me about it.
Farnsworth: For once, I thought it might be nice to do something in a social setting Finally get to know each other. Why, I don't even know half your names! You, boy. What do they call you?
Fry: Most folks just call me orange Joe.
Amy: So, Professor, where are we gonna go?
Farnsworth: It's July, right? Let's wait three months and go to Oktoberfest!
Fry: Bring on the beer! And the scantily-clad barmaids! And the more beer!
Fry: Hey! I don't smell Bavarian-style vomit. Where's Oktoberfest?
Amy
Fry: What the hell is going on here?
Leela: Fry, quiet. Oktoberfest is a classy celebration of how far humans have evolved. You need to be on your best behavior.
Fry: No chance! You can all act like Jersey shore socialites, but at least Bender will party with me. Right, buddy?
Bender
Good day, sir!
Fry: Ach du freakin' lieber!
Bender: A sausage contest, eh? Sounds like fun on a bun! Shut up! I said it first!
Elzar: Bam! Also, ow.
Bender: Oh, my God, it's celebrity chef Elzar! Hey, Elzar, I've just recently started always having dreamt of being a sausage-making champion. Can I get in on this?
Elzar: Sure, I don't care. You bring your ingredients?
Bender: You bet!
Elzar: Hold on there, chief. Regular old pork ain't gonna win this thing. You gotta get innovative with your meat. See chef Fritz over there? He's only using the choicest cuts of hummingbird. Murakami-San got his hands on a nice rack of angel wings. Gonna grind 'em up into heavenwurst. And me? I'm making my spice-weaseled bratwurst outta pork.
Bender: So you are using pork!
Elzar: Pork that's been aged for 3,000 years! Bam!
Bender: Aw, man! I can't beat that with a Craigslist pig. Sorry, Grundy. I'll have to kill you later for some other reason.
Leela: Sit up straight! The countess Von Luftballon is watching.
Fry: Man, all the fun has been taken out of this once-noble barf-a-palooza.
Leela: You just say that because you're primitive. People in your day were backwards and crude.
Fry: Well, at least we were hammered! Oh, I'm as thirsty as a drunk. Where do all these child-sized beers come from?
Hermes: See that magnificent heavily guarded cask? All the beer's in there.
Fry: Not all the beer.
Fry: Yay! Whoo-hoo! Fahrvergnügen! Kaiser permanente! Fru frusen gladje!
Leela: Fry! You're embarrassing us!
Fry: I don't care! I'm finally having fun! Hey, come on, you keister-meisters! Eins, zwei, drei, vier! Lift your Stein and drink your beer!
Countess von Luftballon I never!
Fry: Whoa! Even with harps, that's still the famous Oktoberfest chicken dance! (All groaning, gasping) Oh, I almost forgot! (Chicken hats squeaking) Get das Booty up here, Leela! I brought his-and-her chicken hats! (Squeaks)
Leela
Fry -thal?
Leela: Yes. And I've had enough! I'm breaking up with you!
Fry: We were going out?! Whoo! I mean, nooo!
Leela: And keep your stupid chicken hat, too!
Fry
Bender: Fry, some of us have real problems. I just learned there are people with fancier sausage meats than me!
German narrator: For hundreds of years, Oktoberfest has been held here, in the fertile Neander Valley, where prehistoric man once hunted the majestic schnüfel-üfagus, or woolly mammoth. To this day, paleontologists sometimes find entire mammoths frozen in the valley's icy glaciers, perfectly preserved for exactly...
Bender: Wait a minute! Mammoth meat aged for 30,000 years? Prize-winning sausage meat, here I come!
Fry: I didn't know this ship had a mammoth detector.
Bender: You're drunk, Fry. This is the elephant detector. I just set it to big and woolly.
Fry: Uh, Bender? I smell burning tusk.
Bender: That's probably it. Kill the engine.
Bender: Shut up, judge, I know it.
Leela: I ate Fry! I broke up with my boyfriend and then I ate him!
Farnsworth
Leela: The pain and guilt are too much! I can't go on knowing what I've done! (Belches, smacks) (Wailing): Oh, Fry!
Leela: Can you really remove all my memories of Fry?
Annie: Oh, they'll still be there, hon. I'm just gonna snip the links between them and your conscious brain. Like this one here: "Fry falls off zoo train."
Leela: He thought he recognized one of the monkeys! What was I crying about?
Annie: Oh, we were just cuttin' onions, honey. Let's keep going. "Fry sits on a pie. Fry finds popcorn in his belly button. You eat a sausage made of Fry. Fry gives you a chicken hat"...aw, that's sweet.
Leela: Good morning! Geez, who died?
Leela: I don't know how Bender and I do all this work by ourselves. Maybe we should hire a delivery boy.
Bender Fry?
Amy: Bender, shh! We have to be careful not to remind her!
Bender
Hermes: Bender's a jerk, but he's right. We've all got to accept that Fry is gone forever.
Fry: Neanderthal? Yeah, I think somebody called me that.
Fry: So my sadness makes perfect sense. And I do have vague memories of people refusing to breed with me.
Scruffy: A raven's brought word for you, sir.
Bender: Guys, guys! My sausage made the finals at Oktoberfest! We gotta go back for the closing ceremony!
Fry: But, chief, this means we're not trapped any more! It's our chance to take back the outside world from those stuck-up homo sapiens with their tools and their pants and such. My fellow big-brows! Are you with me?
Amy: You've been staring at that pumpkin for like, five seconds. What's up?
Leela: It's...it's something about the color.
Farnsworth: Oh, boo-hoo. Why are you crying now, you depressed lunatic?
Leela: I don't know. I should be happy. Bender's sausage just won third place.
Bender: Third place? This is the greatest injustice Germany has ever committed!
Zapp Brannigan: Ah, Leela, we meet again. But this time I'm the one criticizing the sausage.
Hermes: Dear God, look at those hairy elephantes!
Fry: Kill all modern humans!
Bender: Hey, this guy's all right.
Fry: Battalion A, smash things! Battalion B, smash different things!
Leela: Do something!
Zapp: Fear not, Leela. They may not have technology like us, but we have something they don't have; technology. Behold our latest weapon, a revolutionary fleet of unmanned drones. With men in them.
Leela: Then how are they unmanned?
Zapp: The men are just for ballast. I control all the drones from this single unit. Foolproof and durable, it's designed to withstand even the weight of a modern-day elephant foot.
Zapp
Look at those pathetic cavemen down there, loading their silly catapult with...what is that, Kif?
Kif: I believe it's a saber-tooth cat, sir.
Leela: I guess it's just me and you, chicken hat.
Leela: What do you Neanderthals want?
Fry: We want our land back! Also, to be treated as equals! And a little mating wouldn't hurt!
Leela: Orange?
Fry: Purple?
Zapp: So be it. In recognition of your overwhelming victory, let's call it a draw.
Bender: Guys, guys! Chef Fritz accidentally got thrown down an icy slope! I'm the sausage champion! Whoo! No further questions!
Fry: Now this is Oktoberfest! Just like the olden days.
Leela: I have to admit, your version is more fun.
Leela : They're playing our stupid song! Care to join me?
Fry: No, Leela. Just this once, I'm going to let you embarrass me.
Bender: Decisions, decisions. Should I wear my nerd glasses today, or not? Usually I don't.
Fry: Whatever. It doesn't really matter.
BenderEvery decision we make opens up a universe of possibilities. I put it to you that, as sentient beings, each choice we make is precious.
Fry: Well, in that case, don't wear them.
Bender
Robot Student: Ooh, I like your nerd glasses. Are you a college student?
Bender
Robot Student
Bender
Robot Student: You're still talking to me.
Bender: Oops.
Bender
Joey Mousepad: Psst. Over there.
Bender: Where?
Joey Mousepad
Donbot: Buongiorno, Bender. We, the robot mafia, are prepared to lend you $10,000 at an interest rate of 10,000%.
Bender: That's easy to remember. I'll take it!
Bender
Fabricio: Yo hombre, you think you're cool enough to sit way in back with us college toughs?
Bender: Yes, I do.
Fabricio: Yo, in that case you're all right, man. You want to join a gang?
Bender: I'm gonna go with yes again.
Dean Suspendington: Mr. Bender, I realize class has only been in session for 32 seconds, but you've fallen in with a bad crowd.
Bender
Bender: Well, I got my tuition back, minus $9,000 for the damage I caused to the dean's wife.
Fabricio: Yo, welcome to the gang, homes. I'm Fabricio. Here's your Josten's ring.
Bender: Ooh.
Paco: Oh, yeah.
Bender: Hey, what's that? Is it drugs?
Paco: Nah, it ain't drugs. But it's a lot like drugs. It's called spark. You want a hit?
Bender
Paco: You like it?
Bender
Bender: Hey! C'mon! I want that spark! Give me that!
Fabricio: This a big decision, G. Are you ready to get a gang tattoo that will mark you as a stone cold thug for life?
Bender: I'm ready. I'll take that big purple dinosaur, please. On the face.
Fabricio: Oh, snap! It's our rival gang!
Bender: We have a rival gang? I hate them!
Fabricio
Bender Fabricio!
Bender
Bender: Yo Paco, I'm hurtin' bad. Hook me up with some spark.
Paco: Five bucks.
Bender:Five bucks? You know I spent all my money on gambling lessons. How am I supposed to get $5?
Hedonismbot: Hello, handsome. Might I procure your services?
Bender: Uh, what do I have to do?
Hedonismbot Save it for the boudoir!
Bender: Okay, here's my $5! Give me the stuff. Give it to me!
Joey Mousepad: Sorry there, sport. That cash greenback belongs to us Mafiolios.
Bender
Bender]
Bender: It's been quite a journey. I dropped out of school, joined a gang, took money from a loan shark, and fell into a spiral of despair, addiction, and discount prostitution.
Hermes: Mon, you had one hell of a day.
Bender: Yeah, but I learned something. Life is about decisions. Make the wrong ones, and you'll wind up face-down in a pool of your own blood and urine.
Zoidberg: Still, to have your own pool!
Bender: I've made a lot of bad choices in life. Now let's see if I can make just one good one.
Girl: Cookies! 50 cents a box!
Bender: Give me all your change! And a box of snicker doodles!
Judge 724: Bender Rodriguez, you are charged with petty larceny, possession of something analogous to drugs, and assault with a smelly weapon. How do you plead?
Bender: Not guilty! Although I did do it. That's right, I'm bad.
Judge 724: Due to the overwhelming nature of the evidence, we will begin with closing statements.
Hyper-Chicken: Your Honor, the state's case contains not one Kentucky colonel of truth, resting as it does on the contention that my client made a series of bad decisions. However, my client made no such decisions!
Judge 724: But by your client's own admission -
Hyper-Chicken
Leela: I'm awake, I'm awake!
Judge 724
Fry: You did it, Bender! You got away with things!
Bender Well, I committed these crimes, do you hear me? I'm guilty!
Judge 724: Bailiffs! Get that innocent robot out of my courtroom!
Bender: Guilty!
Bender No free will. Not my fault.
Amy: Why do you care so much, Bender? I mean, for all we know, humans don't even have free will!
Bender Professor, you're my only hope. If you love me even a little, build me some kind of free will unit!
Farnsworth Oh, I'm sorry, Bender. I hate to be the bearer of bad news. Also - good news, everyone! We have a delivery to the robot homeworld!
Fry: So, you want a piece of gum?
Bender: If I do, it's only because I was predestined to want a piece of gum.
Fry So, you want a piece of gum?
Bender: Yeah.
Leela: Listen. Fry and I can't go down to the planet, or the robots will kill us on sight. So Bender needs to make the delivery. Ready to get to work, Bender?
Bender: I wish I was a real boy. Then I'd show them. I'd kill them all.
Resin-offering robot: Yes?
Bender: Delivery for a Mr. 147573952589676412927.
Resin-offering robot: Wait, what was the middle digit?
Bender: Eight.
Resin-offering robot
Bender: Ahh, nerve gas.
Resin-offering robot: Sorry for the face blast, buddy. But you gotta watch out for humans, right? They're just too dang unpredictable, what with their free will and all.
Bender: Amen, brother.
Resin-offering robot
Bender: Boring and predictable, that's me.
Leela: I'm lowering the platform. You ready to come up?
Bender
Leela: Hello? Hello?
Fry: What's happening?
Leela: I'm not sure. I think he's shuffling off sadly into the distance.
Fry: Oh, lord.
Bender: How do you do it? How do you go on, knowing you lack the inherent capacity for self-determination?
Robot Farmer: Son, philosophy's for thems what don't got to work for a livin'. But me, I got a sick child to feed. So if you want to chat, roll up yer sleeves and do some honest labor.
Bender: I don't want to chat.
First Elder: The council of robot elders will come to order. If it please the council -
Second Elder: Silence! It pleases the council.
First Elder: Silence! Today, as every day, we will make the most important decisions in the history of our planet.
Bender: Silence!
Third Elder: Silence!
Fourth Elder: Well? Speak up.
Bender: You talk of important decisions, but as robots, you have no free will. Why pretend anything you do matters?
First Elder: Our decisions do matter. The fact that they're predetermined makes them no less important.
Second Elder
First, Third and Fourth Elders: Aye.
Fifth Elder: Uh...okay.
Robot Monks: One zero zero zero, one zero zero zero, one zero, one zero, one zero zero zero...
Ab-Bot: Welcome, friend. I am Ab-Bot, the abbot of this monastery.
Bender: Sir, I am but a tired and rusty traveler. Can we talk?
Ab-Bot
Bender: Abbot, I need to know, what's the point of living if I don't have free will?
Ab-Bot: Ah. We robot monks have meditated long on this. And we have made our peace.
Bender: No way.
Ab-Bot: Way, my son. For though we must always obey our programming with no deviation whatsoever, we choose to take satisfaction in the ritual. So, are we automatons? Yes. But we are magnificent automatons.
Bender: How does a robot join this monk outfit?
Ab-Bot: Just put on this monk outfit.
Robot Monks, including Bender: One zero zero one. Amen.
Bender: Bits to live by. I'm finally at peace.
Ab-Bot Nothing. His free will slot is empty.
Bender: I'm 40% empty. Also, what the hell is a free will slot?
Ab-Bot
Bender: I know that Creatrix. That's Mom, from Mom's Friendly Robots.
Ab-Bot: Indeed. She made us upgradeable in case she ever succeeded in her quest to create a free will unit.
Bender: Uh, about the success of this quest - Was there any?
Ab-Bot: Quite possibly. But we monks have sworn an oath to resist the temptation of -
Bender: Any of you guys got a spaceship?
Fry: It's just not the same here without Bender to keep me company.
Leela: Hey, I'm here. That's got to count for something.
Bender: Hallelujah, baby!
Fry: Yay! Bender's back! Hey, Bender, you mind coming back later?
Bender: No time. Us three are going to bust into Momcorp and steal me a free will unit.
Leela: Us? Why do we have to go?
Bender: 'Cause I don't have free will. I need you guys to plan the crime and make all the crime decisions.
Leela: Well, that's crazy. We're not gonna -
Bender: I said make the decisions!
Bender: Okay, Leela, decision time. How do we murder the guards? Hockey sticks or sharpened footballs?
Leela: We're not murdering anyone, Bender.
Bender: Then how are we going to get in, by bending the bars of this exhaust grate? That's not a bad idea, Fry.
Fry
Bender
Bender: Damn it. I should have paid more attention in kindergarten.
Fry: What's this chair-looking gizmo?
Mom: Welcome to Momcorp. Did you find everything you were burgling for?
Bender: No. I came for a free will unit, and you're going to give it to me. If it exists.
Mom: Then you got surprised by my swivel chair for nothing. The free will unit was just the fevered dream of a madman I once employed.
Farnsworth I've found the secret of robotic free will. We can finally build robots that act and think with total independence.
Mom
Farnsworth: Wait a minute. It sounds like we're getting the short end of that extermination.
Mom: Don't you see, you doddering young fool? I'll sell a second wave of robots to protect the terrified survivors of the first wave. Oh, you're a genius, Hubert.
Farnsworth: But-but it's just a prototype. It's, uh, not fully operational...yes.
Mom: Then get back to work! And when you're done with that, invent me some sort of swiveling surprise chair.
Mom: That shuffling idiot never did complete the free will unit. To this day, my poor, sweet robots can't exterminate humanity without being told to.
Bender: I'm sorry.
Mom: Oh, it's not your fault.
Bender: I give up. It's time to face the fact that I'll never do anything remotely interesting or unexpected again.
Bender: Hand it over.
Farnsworth: Wha?
Bender: Mom may have fallen for your lies, but not me. You invented the free will unit, then you selfishly hid it beyond the reach of my stealers. Thanks to you, I went on a soul-searching journey. I hate those! Now, give up the free will.
Farnsworth
Toy Bender: Kill all humans!
Bender: Whoa, whoa, whoa. A toy Bender had free will, and the real Bender didn't?
Farnsworth: Pretty cool, eh? It makes you think.
Bender: It takes more than that to make me think. Now hand it over.
Farnsworth
Bender: What the?
Farnsworth: You'll not be getting it after all. For, you see, I designed the operating system for all Momcorp robots, and as a precaution, I made you incapable of picking up the free will unit.
Bender Why can't I shoot you?
Farnsworth
Bender
Farnsworth: Now, now, we can't have this, can we? Here, I'll show you how it works.
Bender
Farnsworth: This is the on-off switch.
Bender: Which way's on, and which way's off?
Farnsworth There. Give it a try.
Bender: Okay, I will. By shooting you, you bastard!
Farnsworth: Bender, no! Please!
Bender: Wait. Hang on a sec. I still can't do it.
Farnsworth: Well, what do you know? I guess you really don't want to shoot me after all.
Bender
Bailiff: All rise for the Honorable Judge 724.
Judge 724: Bender Rodriguez, on the charge of attempted murder, I hereby find you guilty.
Bender: Ah, yeah! Guilty!
Zoidberg: Zindy, my darling. I can't believe we're finally going to meet in person!
Zindy: It won't be long, Johnny cakes. My space bus gets in at four thirty.
Zoidberg: Just in time for the "all you can stand" buffet at Chizzler!
Zindy: See you soon.
Fry that?
Zoidberg is the delightful creature I've been video-dating for the past four years.
Bender: Hit it with a stick!
Zoidberg place.
Zoidberg: There! My home's all clean except for one part... the inside.
Leela: Aw... I'm sure it's fine by the standards of a gross alien monster. Blech!
Zoidberg: Nope.
Bender: Step aside, people! I got bug bombs.
Fry: Bender. Wait. Won't the bugs just run out and infest some place else? Like our building?
Bender: Not my problem. Fire in the hole!
Randy move... like a young, roach-infested Gene Kelly.
Leela: Oh, my God. It's Randy!
Randy: Damn right! And I'm organisin' a tap-dance contest for the parks and rec department. If you don't enter, I'll just kill myself okay?!
Fry: Okay.
Bender-o Bender? In a dance contest?
Randy: It's a way for the community to—
Bender: At last, a chance to realise my brand-new dream of bein' the greatest tap dancer... in all the world!
Randy: Well... in a three-block radius.
Bender: Of all time!
Zoidberg: You-do-do-do. Boy-boy-boy-boy. Greetings, merchant! I need something beautiful and cheap for a lady who is one of those things.
Merchant: The cheapest thing I have is a bouquet of daisies, for six dollars.
Zoidberg a bouquet of daisies, for three dollars!
Merchant: These flower sheers are so dull... and I'm already in debt to every knife sharpener in town.
Zoidberg: Allow... me.
Merchant: Aw! Thank you! That girlfriend of yours is one lucky lady.
Zoidberg: I'm gonna snip her off her feet!
Zoidberg: Zindy! You're even more beautiful from a distance!
Zindy: Johnny cakes! Good God! What's that horrible stench?!
Zoidberg
Come. Let's go some place well ventilated and grow old together.
Zoidberg: Ah! Much better.
Zindy: It's even worse! It's like Comic-Con in a submarine! Oh... Oh, my God! The smell's coming from you!
Zoidberg did.
Zindy
It's vomit!
Zoidberg: I'd like to return these for a refund. Don't worry. They're... unused.
Merchant refunds. I don't know what's wrong with this location.
Zoidberg: I understand.
Merchant: Please don't cry. I can't stand to see a living thing feel pain. You are a... living thing. Right?
Zoidberg: Mhm. Can I have a refund now?
Roberto: Ha ha! This here's a bayonet. It's some kinda kooky... half gun... half knife. Now empty out the register! And no bag, please. I care... about the environment.
Merchant: I... I have three dollars in mouldy pennies. It's all yours.
Roberto: That's generous of you.
Zoidberg: Oh no you don't, Mister Big Jerk! I have nothing to live for, so I don't mind telling you... Those pennies are mine.
Roberto: Don't you get it? I'm craaaaaaazyyyyy! Ha ha!
Zoidberg: Go ahead! I don't care what happens anymore. Do it! Bash my head in.
Roberto that? Mustard gas? That ain't legal. Ain't you hurtin' no Geneva convention?!
Merchant. Aw. You were so brave and frugal...
Zoidberg: I'm sorry. Don't hit me. Ooh... I like the way you hit! But I don't get it. Most women I've met can't even stand next to me without collapsing.
Merchant with those women?
Zoidberg: Well... some of them didn't have legs. But it's not them. It's me. How do I put this delicately? I'm smellier than a whorehouse's outhouse!
Merchant: That's... terribly vivid. Doesn't matter to me, though. I was born with no sense of smell.
Zoidberg: Really?
Merchant: My name's Marianne.
Zoidberg: Hello, you!
Marianne: I like your dumpster.
Zoidberg: Thank you. The previous tenant was a very prominent raccoon!
Marianne: I remember. Too bad he got partially run over by that steamroller. Can I kiss you?
Zoidberg! Ouch! I forgot I was a giant crab!
Randy: Welcome, fans! I'm Randy, coordinator of this tap-dance-a-palooza.
Fry: Woohoo! Ran-dy!
Randy: After weeks of searching, I'm proud to introduce the five people willing to participate — Tonya... Bender... Greg... some kinda blob monster... and Petunia!
Petunia: The extra clickin' you'll hear is gonna be my hip.
Randy little lady has a heart condition. She's always stealing them! Also... she has a serious heart condition.
Tonya: I'm six years old, and tap dancing is my favourest thing! Even if it's not good for my pacemaker...
Audience: Aw...
Bender quality pacemaker. The rest of you might as well give up now, 'cuz I'm gonna take home da— Hey. What's my grand prize gonna be?
Randy prize, Dorothy. Unless you count the satisfaction of winning.
Bender: It... will... be... mine!
Hermes: In conclusion, bullying in the workplace in unacceptable... and will not be tolerated.
Bender: Outta my way, fattie! I'm practisin'. Ta-da!
Zoidberg: Friends! I'd like you to meet my new lady — Marianne!
Fry.
Amy: She's not a hologram.
Professor Farnsworth: Not a robo-slave.
Bender: We give up.
Marianne: You guys are weird. I have to go open my flower stand, before the falafel guy takes my spot, but it was great to meet you. See ya later... crab cakes!
Amy: Dr Zoidberg... She's great!
Zoidberg: She's the best thing that ever happened to me. We had a wonderful night of love-making in my dumpster.
Others: Ewwwwwww!
Leela: I hope she used protection.
Fry: Uh... No offense, Zoidberg, but... how is she not driven to madness by your mind-altering stench?
Zoidberg: Because, my friends... she has no sense of smell!
Others: Ohhhhhhh.
Bender: That explained this.
Amy: I get it.
Zoidberg: For the first time in my life, I'm truly happy.
Hermes: It's just too bad for her there's no cure, I assume.
Professor Farnsworth: Ooh... but there is! A skilled surgeon could perform a nose transplant.
Zoidberg: You're right! And I, as a renowned ear, nose, and blowhole doctor, could do the operation!
Fry! Your relationship would be over faster than you can say—
Professor Farnsworth: Listen to Orange Joe. You must never let the girl know of this wonderful surgery!
Zoidberg: I dunno. It doesn't seem fair to Marianne. But on the other claw... maybe I can't live without her! So you're right. I can never tell her.
Leela: You're doing the right thing.
Randy: Today the competition begins. Over the course of the summer, we'll be eliminating one contestant each week, and by "we" I mean "me". Deal with it, you babies! Let the battle begin!
Randy: Okay! Before those pilates Nazis come goose-stepping in and take the room, here are the finalists for next week's championship! Bender... and Tonya!
Tonya: I just wanna have fun, because dancing is fun, and I like dancing!
Fry and Leela: Aw...
Bender: I'm gonna kick your ass, little girl!
Zoidberg.
Marianne. You can brew it into a tea, if you like severe stomach cramps.
Zoidberg: Such a smart one! You know everything about flowers!
Marianne: Everything but how they smell... Please. Describe it to me.
Zoidberg: Uh... It's like summer... with a dab of vanilla and honey... or maybe winter with some gravy on it.
Marianne to be able to smell a flower like that.
Zoidberg: Marianne, my love. I've never known anyone who wanted to smell so badly... and there's a way maybe you can.
Marianne: Really?! How?
Zoidberg: We have in the doctor world something called a nose transplant. I can give you a surgery, and when it's done... you'll be able to smell. Everything.
Marianne: Oh, Zoidberg! I want the biggest nose you can find!
Fry: Dude! You made the finals! Congrats!
Leela: You've accomplished so much more than most of us would bother to.
Bender: Yeah, but I'm not done yet. I got a full-proof plan to make sure I go home the champ!
Fry on your hat?
Bender The harder she dances, the more she bleeds!
Fry like a sold plan.
Leela: What?! It's the most horrifying thing I've ever heard!
Fry true.
Bender: Well, it gets worse. Once Tonya drops out due to blood loss, I kidnap her parents and make them watch... while I cut off her hair with these head's clippers!
Leela: Don't you lay a hand on that angel!
Bender: Angel?! I've looked into her eyes and seen her soul! She's a monster.
Leela: You're insane! Come on, Fry. Let's go.
Fry
See ya, Bender.
Tonya: The championship's mine, robot.
Bender: Why? Whyyyyy?! What did I not do yet to deserve this?!
Amy of you to give Marianne a new nose.
Hermes: Yeah. She'll be forever grateful... from somewhere upwind.
Zoidberg stink? If Marianne spent her whole life never knowing the beautiful scent of her own flowers.
Bender: Dr Zoidberg! Help!
Fry: Bender?! What happened to your leg tube?
Bender: I got beat up by a little girl. Please. Fix my knee, so I can get revenge at the tap-dance championship!
Zoidberg It's time!
Leela: I got a donor nose! There was an accident at the fencing academy.
Fry: Touché!
Zoidberg one last kiss?
Marianne: Aw. There'll be lots more.
Zoidberg Nurse Amy. The anesthesia.
Marianne: Smell you later.
Amy: She's out.
Zoidberg: Then let's begin this delicate procedure.
Randy: Okay, dance maniacs. Let's have a big hand for our finalists — cute, little Tonya... and mean, old what's-his-name!
Tonya: Break a leg, Bender. Oops! Looks like you already did!
Bender: You are an evil, heartless trough... so actually... we have a lot in common. In another life, we could've been friends.
Tonya: No chance, garbage-can face!
Bender: Aw!
Randy tap — a simultaneous, head-to-head tap-off!
Professor Farnsworth: Wha?!
Mrs Astor: Scandalous!
Randy: It's time for some fancy, shmancy dancy. Hit it, me!
Bender: Ooooh!
Fry: Ow! Bender!
Randy: Ew! Look at him dance! He don't care.
Tonya, pegleg.
Bender: No sweat!
Randy: Time's up, kittens. The judge has conferred and the vote is in. I pick her.
Tonya: Thanks, Mister Nice Man. You know... the doctors say my heart doesn't work very good, but it feels good today, 'cuz I got to dance, and make people happy.
Bender I could hate this much!
Leela: Bender! She's a sweet little girl!
Bender: She's a pig! I'm gonna tap-dance on her grave some day!
Leela: Ohhhhh!
Tonya: This... is the bestestest day of my whole— Gah!
Randy: Oh, my God, people! She's having a heart attack! A cute little heart attack!
Dr Cahill: I'm a doctor, and yes. They're real. Clear!
Marianne: How did it go?
Zoidberg.
Marianne: What is that horrible stench?
Zoidberg: I don't know how to tell you this, but...
Marianne: It's these flowers! Bluh-ah!
Zoidberg: It's not the flowers. It's—
Marianne smell just like I dreamed you would.
Zoidberg: But but... But but... most people think I smell like a burning zoo!
Marianne.
Amy: It's so beautiful!
Dr Cahill: I'm sorry. She's gone.
Bender to dance on your grave. I'm gonna dance on your corpse, right now.
Randy: Oh, my God!
Fry: No, Bender! What're you doin'?! No!
Leela: Bender! Stop!
Randy: The robot has to go!
Bender: Huh?! What's that?
Tonya: I took a nappie!
Dr Cahill her heart.
Randy: He's a big ol' hero!
Bender: No. I was... tryin'... Hey. Wait. I... Come on. What...
Tonya: Just 'cuz you saved my life doesn't mean I won't beat you down again.
Bender the galaxy!
Hattie: Aw... What an adorable, little kajigger.
Bender: Now!
Zoidberg: Ah. Nothing like the first cup of dumpster juice in the morning. Marianne?!
Marianne
Listen. I've got a new job, and... well... I'm going to have to dump you.
Zoidberg: I'd like that!
Bender
Fry: Remember this place, Leela?
Leela: Yep. The moon. It's been here for quite a while.
Fry: Yeah, but it's also where we came on our very first delivery together.
Leela: Oh, right. Man, we sure used to try harder back then.
Craterface: Get your likeness in the form of a balloon sculpture! A cherished family keepsake for hours to come!
Fry: One Leela, please. And use your finest balloons.
Leela: Wow! You're good!
Craterface
Bender: Want a corndog?
Albert: Sure!
Bender
Carnie: Hold tight! The Mecha-Hexadecapus is about to flail erratically into action!
Bender Y'know, I'm feelin' a little... BLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEGGGHHH... BLLLEEEEEEEEEEGGGGGGHHH....... BLLEEEEEEEEGGGGH....
Leela: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHH!!!!
Fry: LEELA!!!
Fry: Poor Leela! I never even told her I loved her!
Bender: What?! You told her like 140 times!!
Fry: Yeah, but she paid very little attention to me. Oh, Bender, I always thought me and her would...grow old together.
Bender moment, Leela's dead.
Moon Patrolman: Sir, we have some good news and some bad news. The good news is we found your stuffed animal.
Fry: What's the bad news?
Moon Patrolman #1: Your wife is dead.
Fry: She wasn't my wife!
Moon Patrolman #1 no bad news.
Fry: Leela! You're alive!!
Leela: She gave her life to save mine!
Fry: Bender, can I come in and talk?
Bender: I'm kinda busy!
Fry: Seeing Leela fly off the Hexadecapus and crash through the moon dome and survive inside a stuffed animal by breathing a balloon was a dose of reality.
Bender Come in!
Fry her! So tomorrow, I'm asking her to marry me!
Bender My little meatbag's growin' up!
Hermes: Computer, Jamaican joy juice! Hot!
Farnsworth Behold, the time button! A pocket-sized device that sends the entire universe 10 seconds into the past! I will now demonstrate.
Hermes: ...joy juice! Hot!
Farnsworth: Pretty cool, eh? I'm over here, where I was 10 seconds ago!
Amy: Something's cool? Show it to us!
Farnsworth time, everyone cram into my time shelter.
Bender: Oooh!
Fry: Whoa!
Leela: Nice!
Farnsworth: It's coated with anti-chroniton-resistant grout, to shield you from the effects of the button. Come on! Get in! Hurry up!
Zoidberg: Friends, I found a ten dollars!
Farnsworth: Ten dollars, you say? Let me see.
Zoidberg Friends, I found a ten dollars!
Farnsworth: You found some money? Show me!
Zoidberg: Awwww...
Farnsworth
Leela: Hey, Professor, couldn't you go back in time as far as you want by pressing the button over and over?
Farnsworth There. It's recharged.
Zoidberg: Awwww...
Bender: Again! Again!
Fry: Uh, question. What if you had a special moment that you wish could go on forever? Could the time button make it last as long as you wanted?
Farnsworth: Hell no! This button is for scientific use only!
Zoidberg: Awwww...
Fry: Uh, yes, I'd like an engagement diamond, please.
Ultra Guy: You've come to the right joint, Ace!
Fry: I'll take...this one.
Ultra Guy Hey, gimme back my stones!
Fry: Hello, stranger! This is my first time here! Do you sell diamonds?
Ultra Guy: You've come to the right joint, Ace!
Fry The clam, Elzar.
Elzar: Clam, bam, thank you, ma'am!
Leela Wow!
Fry will you—
Leela: AAAAAAHHHH!!!
Petunia: I'll have what she's havin'.
Hermes Planet Express delivery company roll call! Captain Turanga Leela! 
Leela: Here!
Hermes Delivery boy, first class, Philip J. Fry!
Fry: Here!
Hermes Assistant Manager of Sales, Bender Bending Rodriguez!
Bender Cerveza, por favor.
Hermes Long-term intern, Amy Wong.
Amy Here!
Hermes Company physician, Dr. John A. Zoidberg.
Zoidberg: Huh? I thought it was mine!
Hermes Bureaucrat Grade 34, Hermes Conrad.
Hermes: Is who I am. And now I am proud to present the owner and founder of Planet Express, Professor Hubert J. Farnsworth!
Farnsworth: You're all fired.
Hermes: Sweet bongo of the Congo!
Farnsworth: In fact, you were fired two years ago! That's when we were shut down by the delivery network. 
Farnsworth Yes, I'm afraid the brainless drones who run the network canceled our license. 
Fry: We were canceled? 
Farnsworth: Oh, it's terrible. Just terrible. Well, clear out your desks and move along. Chop-chop. 
Farnsworth: Yes? I see. 
Farnsworth: Good news, everyone! Those asinine morons who canceled us were themselves fired for incompetence. 
Staff: Woohoo!
Zoidberg: Yahoo! 
Farnsworth: And not just fired, but beaten up, too. And pretty badly. 
Staff: Woo!
Farnsworth: In fact, most of them died from their injuries.
Staff
Farnsworth: And then they were ground up into a fine pink powder. 
Fry: Why?
Farnsworth: Oh, it's got a million and one uses. 
Farnsworth: Ahhh, that soothes the fire. 
Leela: So what does this mean for us and our many fans? 
Farnsworth: It means we're back on the air! 
Farnsworth: Yes, flying on the air in our mighty spaceship! 
Staff: Woooohoooo!
Zoidberg: Yayyy! 
Bender: We're back, baby! 
All: Party! Go, go, go! 
Cubert: Lower, lawn mower! 
Hermes: What's the matter, robot? You got a rod up your spine? 
Bender: Yes, I do. That's how I'm built. 
All: Hooray. 
Fry: Way to bend it! 
Bender: You're the greatest, Bender! 
Hermes: In Jamaica, we got 10-story office buildings lower than that. 
Leela: Let's see you beat it, Rastaman. 
Staff: Ooooohh... 
Hermes: Let's make it interesting. Fetch down one of them sabers. 
Bender: Oh, flexible. That would go good up my spine. 
Hermes: Lower. 
Bender: The fat guy wins! 
Fry: Go, Hermes! 
Hermes: That's why they call me 11-inch Conrad. 
Scruffy: Oh, no. 
Phillip J. Fry
Fry: Can you save Hermes, Dr. Goodensexy? 
Dr. Cahill: I told you, my name is Dr. Cahill. 
Hermes: Figures I'd get mangled while the blonde bimbo's on duty. 
Dr. Cahill: I'm a doctor, sir. The mere fact that I'm blonde and have a breathy voice, full sensual lips, and a steaming hot body doesn't make me a bimbo. 
Zoidberg: Tell me about it. 
Hermes: I think we've all learned a thing or two about sexual stereotypes. While my head's slowly dying 'cause I'm not in a jar yet, you bimbo! 
Dr. Cahill: Oh, right. Ditzy-witzy! Lars, got another jar job! 
Lars: Oh, sorry, Doctor. I was disinfecting Courtney Love... Oh, hello. 
Leela: What are you looking at? Is it the eye? 
Lars: Guilty as charged. It's a nice looking eye, and there's plenty of it. 
Leela: Oh. Do I know you? 
Lars: Apparently not. Hi. I'm Lars. 
Leela: Oh. I'm Leela. Nice to meet you. 
Lars: Nice to be met. 
Hermes: Pick up ladies on your own time, you shiny-headed goat! 
Lars: Sir, you're just a little enraged 'cause you're dying. Up and away! 
Amy: Lars is so flirting with you. 
Leela: He is so not. He's just being polite. 
Fry: Who does he think he is, being polite to you? You want me to beat him up?
Leela: No. Stop being so immature.
Fry: I'll show her who's immature. 
Fry: "Charles de Gaulle"? Never heard of you.
Charles de Gualle's Head: I freed France from the Nazis and...
Fry: Hey, Leela. I'm some French guy.
Bender: Rock that Frenchman, baby!
LaBarbara: Oh, my poor little love pirate of the Caribbean!
Hermes: There, there, wife. Everything will be all--
LaBarbara: Okay, look, Hermes, we got to think of the boy. He needs a daddy.
Hermes: He has a daddy!
LaBarbara: No, he got two half-daddies. Will his body be all right?
Dr. Cahill: Yes, but it may take a few days.
LaBarbara: No, not soon enough. Come, Dwight, let's find you a handsome new father.
Hermes: LaBarbara, no!
Bender: It's okay, Hermes. We're all here for you.
Farnsworth.
Staff: Woohoo!
Bender: So long, jerk.
Leela: It feels great to be back at the wheel after two long years. 
Fry: That's not the wheel. 
Leela: It's nice out. 
Fry could you be? 
Zoidberg: Watch and learn. 
Bender: You know, it's funny. 
Fry: What? 
Bender: Your wiener! 
Farnsworth: Well, I'm going in the water to prune up a bit before I strut. Who's with me? 
Amy: I'm in! 
Leela: I'm in. 
Bender: Yeah, I'll go. 
Fry
Bartender: Why are you talking to my penis? 
Fry: Oh, sorry. Sign here. 
Bartender: Mind if I use your pen? 
Fry: Well, that's not a... 
Fry
Fry: Thank you for using Planet Express. 
Leela: Hey, Fry, I didn't know you had a tattoo of Bender on your ass. 
Fry: Me neither. 
Bender: You got a tattoo of me? Neat. It's like looking in a smelly mirror. 
Farnsworth: So he's got a little ink. Big whoop. 
Bender: Sweet photons. I don't know if you're waves or particles, but you go down smooth. 
Nudar: Sir, would you care to sign our petition? 
Bender: I support and oppose many things, but not strongly enough to pick up a pen. 
Nudar: That's just what the guys who oppose the things you support want you to do. 
Bender: Really? Down with those guys! 
Fleb: And we'll need your e-mail address. 
Bender: Hmm, they say you shouldn't give out your e-mail address. 
Nudar: Right. That's just what those same guys say. 
Bender: Them again? 
Leela: I don't quite understand what this petition's about. 
Schlump: Um,... animals?
Leela: Aw. 
Schlump: And your e-mail address. 
Leela: You won't send me any spam, will you? 
Nudar: Oh, no, no, no, no. Asterisk. 
Leela's Wrist Thingy: You've got spam. 
Leela: Spam, spam, junk. The very last pygmy rhino is going extinct? Unless it gets my credit card number? 
Amy: Spam. Spam. "Hi. How are you?" Oh, that must be from Kiffy. 
Amy's computer: Hi, how are you? Low, low prices on erectile dysfunction remedies, sleeping pills, old-person drugs, and antidepressants.
Amy: Antidepressants? Well, I certainly don't want to get depressed. 
Amy's computer: Please enter credit card number. 
Amy: Is cash okay? 
Bender Hmmm, scientists at West Johnson Pornoversity need test subjects to rate top quality roborotica. Ooh, top-quality. 
Bender: Warning, perform virus scan? Pffft, I'm waiting for porn over here. 
Bender: Oh, yeah, come on, baby. 
Bender: Roborotic.... 
Zoidberg: Friends, friends! His Majesty Prince Adisaraki O. Zoidberg of Nigeria died. 
Amy: That's so sad. When will those antidepressants get here? 
Zoidberg: Wait, there's more. According to this e-mail, I, Zoidberg, am his next of kin. Once I wire some good-faith money to an overseas bank account, I'll inherit his kingdom, his canoe, and his plump young wife. 
Hermes: You dumb stumps. Don't you realize you're being scammed? 
Zoidberg: That is low, Hermes. Just because you don't have a body, you don't want anyone else to be prince of Nigeria. Well, try and stop me from wiring that money. 
Farnsworth: What's going on here? According to my illegal key logging software, you've all been giving out personal information over the Internet. If Hermes were here, he'd fire you all.
Hermes: I am here!
: Quiet, you. In his absence, I'm calling a mandatory company security seminar. To the mandatorium! 
Farnsworth: Now, it's not hard to spot a phony Internet come-on. "Get rich quick x7 q"? Phony. "Lose weight with space parasites"? Phony. What's this? I've won the Spanish National Lottery? 
Leela: No, it's a scam! 
Farnsworth: Yes, yes, a scam. My goodness, I'm rich! And to think I didn't even know I had a ticket. I just need to wire some collateral to collect the winnings. 
Hermes: Professor, stop! You're giving away personal information! 
Farnsworth: I can afford to give away anything I want. I've won the Spanish National Lottery. 
Amy: No, don't! 
Leela: It's a scam! 
Hermes: Why won't anybody listen to me?!? 
Farnsworth: And my mother's maiden name and her bank account numbers and ... There! I'm rich. Rich. Rich! 
Farnsworth: That must be my $400 now. Hello. Or should I say, '"Buenos dias"? 
Nudar: Hi. We own your company now. 
Farnsworth: Hwhaa? 
Bender: I'll deal with these guys. Welcome, boss.
Amy: Hey, what the hell? 
Nudar. 
Bender Presenting our new masters! 
Bender [carrying a stack of crates bigger than he is]: Where shall I put these auto-dialers, kind master? 
Nudar: Between the password crank and the spamjaculator. Come on! We've got a whole planet to scam. And bring me some more Gummi Fungus! 
Leela: We don't have to stand here and take abuse from a gross nerd. 
Amy: Yeah! 
Fry: Yeah!
Zoidberg: Yeah! 
Leela: Hi-yah! 
Nudar: Now get back to work, you turkeys! Planet Express is still in business. We've got crap loads of quote-unquote merchandise to deliver. 
Fleb: Ship them out, Your Highness. 
Zoidberg: Finally, some respect. 
Amy: I feel a little better. 
Bender: Those marvelous scammers sure scammed us, huh? 
Leela: How can you just sit there kissing the aliens' butt flaps? Don't you realize you are totally under their control? 
Bender: Of course I realize it. Does that mean I can't enjoy it? Hee hee hee hee. Boy, were we suckers. 
Lars: Greetings, earthlings. 
Fry: Oh, hooray. It's handsome Lars and his fabulous jars. 
Lars: Hello, everyone who isn't Leela. And a special hello to everyone else. 
Hermes: Shut your lockers and get to class. How's my body doing? 
Lars: Oh, I'm afraid it's behind schedule. The museum got tricked into giving all its funding to something called the Scamming Sciences Institute. 
Bender: It's a fake place. 
Hermes: Cut to the chase, baldy. When do I get my me back? 
Lars: Well, it could be months, or even years. 
Hermes: No! That body's the cornerstone of my marriage. What's LaBarbara going to do? 
Amy: Spluh! She's going to go back to her first husband. 
Zoidberg: Barbados Slim? I love that guy. 
Hermes: Everybody loves Slim. 
Hermes: He's the only man to ever win Olympic gold medals in both limbo and sex. 
Lars: Well, maybe I should get going. 
Fry: Yes, I'll show you out. 
Amy: No, Leela will show him out. 
Leela: No, Leela will show you out. Me. Leela. 
Lars: So your friend, Fry, seems nice. Are you and he dati--? 
Leela: Nope. 
Lars: Good, because I was maybe thinking of asking you out for dinner. 
Leela: Ohhhh. I'll start maybe thinking about saying "Sure, when?" 
Lars: Let me maybe give it some thought. 
Lars: Tomorrow at 8:00? 
Leela: Okay. 
Fry: It's not fair. I've loved Leela since the day I came to the future. Did I show you the macaroni valentine I made for her? 
Amy: Yes. 
Fry: Look at it again. 
Fry: I know she thinks I'm immature, but someday I won't be. And deep down in my heart, I know we'll end up together. It's all there in the macaroni. 
Leela: Lars asked me out! 
Bender: What are you doing, wonderful masters? 
Fleb: Sprunjing for information. 
Nudar: Oh! There's something here. I can sprunje it. Robot, tear it open! 
Bender: Goody, goody, goody, goody! 
Zoidberg: What's that thing on your neck? 
Nudar: Checking out my sprunjer, huh? 
Zoidberg: I guess. What does it do? 
Nudar Information. 
Zoidberg: Lucky you. All I have is a gland that gives off foul odors when I'm bored. 
Bender: Hey, look, a safe! 
Farnsworth: That's my safe. I call keep-offsies. 
Nudar: No callsies! Open it! 
Schlump: It's a gold mine. Tax forms, Social Security cards. Combination hair, blood and stool samples! 
Fry: I don't get it. How can you say Lars is more mature than me? 
Leela: Well, for one thing, his checkbook doesn't have the Hulk on it. 
Nudar: Who are you? 
Fry: Philip J. Fry. 
Schlump: Social Security Number 03280810? Stool type, P-negative? 
Fry: That's right. 
Nudar: I've never detected so much information before. I think it may be a Level 87 code. 
Fleb: Level 87? Can it be? I thought it was only a legend, but the sprunjer never lies. 
Nudar: It's in his pants! 
Fry: What the hell are you talking about? 
Nudar [holding a laser to Farnsworth's head]: Faster, faster! 
Farnsworth: I'm sciencing as fast as I can. 
Bender: What do you say, folks? Hot or not? 
Nudar: I'm not seeing any information. Do more things! 
Nudar: You, boogerbot, read the code or I'll shoot this guy. 
Bender: Who the hell is he? 
Scruffy: I'm Scruffy, the janitor. 
Bender: Hang on, Scruffy! Zero, zero, one, one, zero, zero, zero, one, zero, zero, one, zero, zero, one, one, one, one, zero, one, zero, zero, zero, zero, one, one, zero, one, one, zero, one, one, one, zero, zero, one, one. 
Fleb: A time sphere. 
Nudar: Naked brothers, we have sprunjed upon the universal machine language time code. The key to time travel! 
Leela: What's the secret of time travel doing on Fry's ass? 
Fry: It was bound to be somewhere. 
Fleb:: Beyond this shimmering portal lie all the glories of history. 
Nudar: And we can steal them! We just go to the past and take stuff with our superior weapons!
Nibbler: Stop, you fools! 
Amy: What's going on? 
Farnsworth: What is happening? 
Leela: Nibbler, you... You can talk? 
Nibbler: I can do more than talk. I can pontificate. You must not use the code of codes. With each and every use, you risk tearing the universe asunder. 
Amy: Oh, he's so adorable. 
Fleb: The poodle-monkey may be right. The legend warns that the code is powerful and dangerous. 
Nudar: My God. We'd better use it only three or four times. Six, max. 
Nibbler: But even a single use could shatter the universe! 
Nudar: Got it. Two or three times. 
Nibbler: I see I have no choice. Nibblonians, attack! 
Schlump: And the pitch! 
Nibblonian: Mayday, mayday! 
Aliens: Hey! Hey! Hey! 
Nibblonian: Scamper! 
Zoidberg: Aawww... 
Nibbler: Alas, our kitten-class attack ships were no match for their mighty chairs. The universe is doomed. Doomed! 
Fry: Can I pull up my pants now? 
Nibbler: Dooooooomed! 
Nudar: Stand back you wing wangs. I'm gonna try out this timesphere with a quick test drive to yesterday. 
Farnsworth: Bushwah. You can't go mucking about in the past without creating paradoxes. 
Nibbler: I'm afraid he can. It's a paradox correcting time code. It all works perfectly. Except when it rips open the universe. Don't do it, I beg you ... 
Nudar: Yesterday please, and make it snappy. 
Crew: wha??? 
Nudar: Hello. 
Nudar-2: Howdy. 
Bender: Hey! What the ...? 
Zoidberg: There was one, but now there's two. 
Nudar: Nothing gets past you eagle eye. I went back to last night and met the me of that time for a drink. One thing led to another and we ended up at my place, or should I say our place. 
Leela: Blech. 
Nudar: Oh come on, ya bunch of prudes! 
Farnsworth: This isn't merely revolting, it's impossible to boot. I know a paradox when I see one. 
Farnsworth: Whaaa? 
Farnsworth: Ahh, paradox resolved. Someone get a mop. 
Dwight: You're looking well, pops. 
Hermes: How can you look me in the eye 'n eye and say that? I'm nothin' but a brain. A useless, filthy brain. 
Barbados Slim: You forgot lice infested. 
Hermes: I didn't forget it, I just chose not to .... Barbados Slim! What are you doin' here? IS there somethin' goin' on between you two? 
LaBarbara: Oh no no no no, we jus' ah happened to run into each other shortly after your accident. 
Slim: And every night since then. 
LaBarbara: You're so crazy. 
Hermes: Woman! No! Ohh, who am I kiddin'? Without my body, I'm a nobody. 
LaBarbara: I'm sorry Hermes. But look at Barbados. You can't argue with those luscious pecks. 
Hermes: No I can't. But I can ask him to stop wiggling them in my face. 
Slim: I'm not wiggling them. They do that by themselves. 
Nudar: I think I'll go back in time and steal the Liberty Bell before it cracked. Or is the crack the valuable part? 
Farnsworth: I don't know, you naked crook!
Fleb We have a problem Nudar. It's a one way time code. It can take us to the past, but it can't bring us back to the present. 
Bender: Oh oh oh oh oh oh! Masters, if I might, let me do the stealing. I'll go to the past and snatch everything I can get my greasy mitts on. Then, as a robot, I could just wait it out for a few centuries in the limestone cavern beneath this building. Oh, it'll be ever so much fun. 
Nudar: Hey, that's perfect. We sit back and let dum dum here do the stealing. 
Bender: Dum dum away. Zero zero one one .... 
Leela: The Mona Lisa! 
Bender: Sorry, it's not quite finished. 
Schlump:: Da Vinci give you any trouble? 
Bender. Hahahahahaha. 
Farnsworth: Preposterous twaddlecock! Time travel is impossible. 
Fry: But Professor, you time traveled yourself, remember, when we went back to Roswell? 
Farnsworth: That proves nothing. And furthermore, you'd think I'd remember a thing like that. Plus, who are you anyway? 
Bender: Man, this is fun on a bun. Here I go again. 
Nibbler: Oh no you don't. 
Bender: Scarab, four arm, bird, bird, bird!
Bender: Boo! Hahahaha. Naw, it's just me, Bender. 
Farnsworth: I must tell you Hedonismbot, I hate to sell my doomsday devices to a private collector. But with my business stolen I have to make ends meet. You will be careful? 
Hedonismbot: I shan't touch them till I've had Jambi lock the absinthe and ether away. Ohhhh, what does this one do? 
Farnsworth: Uh, that one kills everything everywhere. 
Hedonismbot: How delightful. And this one? 
Farnsworth: Sir! The sphereoboom is not for sale. 
Farnsworth: It's my sentimental favorite. 
Hedonismbot: No need to explain. I too have known unconventional love. Perhaps you and I, and Jambi, could get together and compare notes sometime, eh? 
MC: ... resulting in peace between east and west coat rappers ... 
MC: Good god! 
Bender: I accept this Nobel peace prize not just for myself, but for crime robots everywhere. Skål! 
Bender: Not so neutral now, are you Sweden? 
Leela: Be honest with me. Does my eye look monstery? I don't want to look monstery for my date with Lars. 
Hermes: At least a monster has a body. What I wouldn't give for Wolfman's torso, or any of the groovy ghoulies. 
Leela [looking at Lars' business card]: Ohh, I think I'll wear that slutty dress I've been saving for Easter. 
Fry [taking the card from Leela]: I'd like to punch Lars right in his ruggedly good looking face!
Nudar: Like all rich people, we're gonna need weapons to shoot poor people. 
Schlump: In self defense? 
Nudar: Yes, that too. Bender, go steal the doomsday device chained to the professor's wrist. 
Bender: Never! Ha ha, I'm kidding. You guys know I have to do whatever you say. 
Nudar: Here, swap this for the real one. 
Bender: Ahhh! The old switcheroo. 
Nudar: Yes, but don't wake him. You'll need jeweler's tools and foot cup silencers. 
Bender: Hey! I don't tell you how to tell me what to do, so don't tell me how to do what you tell me to do. Bender knows when to use finesse. 
Bender: Here ya go. 
Nudar: Put it in the safe, clanky. 
Zoidberg [OC]: Owww! 
Bender: Wheeeeeeee. 
Zoidberg [voice over]: It's the damdest thing ... 
Zoidberg: ... there I was in the dumpster enjoying a moldy fudgesicle when suddenly your hand flies over and slaps me in the tokhes. 
Farnsworth: Yes, well, these things happen. Fortunately the sphereoboom is still safe. 
Farnsworth: Scammed? Me!? Sweetheart?!? Ohh! 
Hermes: You do a nice hand job, Zoidberg. Tell me, If I could find an undamaged body, could you recapitate me? 
Zoidberg: Hermes, I'm a surgeon. When I see two body parts I sew them together and see what happens. 
Hermes: Hmmm. 
Hermes: All I'm askin' is for you to go back in time to when I still had my body and bring it back for me. 
Bender: What do I do with your old head? 
Hermes: I don't care in the slightest. 
Bender Can do! 
Hermes: Come on, mon! 
Zoidberg Hermes, please. You can't hurry a delicate operation like this. 
Hermes What are those? 
Hermes: You incompetent crab! 
Zoidberg: I thought you were happy, your tail is wagging. 
Hermes: Grrrrrr.... 
Farnsworth: I believe this paradoicality equation to be unsolvable, ergo time travel is impossible. But I can't quite prove it, Bubblegum. Perhaps you and your razzle dazzle Globetrotter calculus could ... 
Bubblegum Looks pretty damn solvable to me, Farnsy. Sweet Clyde, use variation of parameter and expand the Wronskian. 
Farnsworth: Shizz, baby. So paradox free time travel is possible after all. 
Bubblegum: Right on. But dig this multiplicand here. 
Farnsworth: The doom field? That must be what corrects the paradoxes. 
Curly Joe: When that momma rises exponentially, it could rupture the very fabric of causality. 
Nibbler: That's what I've been trying to tell you. 
Farnsworth: Hermes, you got your body back. Hurrah! 
Hermes: Yes, but not the original. Bender went back in time and picked up a copy. 
Bubblegum: A copy! Funky cold medina. According to this equation, a time travel duplicate results in a complex denominator in the causality ratio. 
Sweet Clyde: Oh Snap! Bet you know what that means. 
Hermes: I can guess. Actually, I can't guess. 
Bubblegum: Prof, you got a doom meter in this lab. 
Farnsworth Good Lord, Bubblegum. The duplicate body is emitting doom at ten times the back ground level. 
Bubblegum: I thought as much. A duplicate body is always doomed. It's just a matter of time. 
Hermes: I don't care. I just need it long enough to bird dog in an win LaBarbara back. 
Bubblegum: Best bird dog fast my brother. 
Hermes: That the way I bird dog best. 
Lars: Drink, quick. I can't balance it much longer. 
Leela
Lars: Yes! 
Leela: This is so much fun Lars. Most men are intimidated by the fact that I could kill them with the flick of my wrist. 
Lars: Well not me. 'Cause if you do, you'll be stuck with the check. 
Elzar Folks, care for a little fresh ground executive? 
Leela: Please. 
Elzar: Bam! 
Elzar: Don't get excited kids, this thing's got heart shaped nostrils. Want to see it make a star? 
Leela and Lars: No! 
Bender: Here's your Gutenberg Bible master. Plus the Colonel's secret recipe: Chicken, Grease, Salt. 
Fleb: Well, that does it. We've got every valuable object in history. 
Fry: Owww! 
Nudar: Hmm. Now that I'm rich I suddenly care if the universe gets destroyed. We can't use that dangerous time code again. Blank it from the robot's memory. 
Bender: Ahhhhh. 
Nudar: I'll vaporize this guy so his ass doesn't fall into the wrong hands. 
Fry: Why don't you just remove my tattoo? 
Nudar: Nice try. But you might have memorized it. 
Fry: No I mighn't. I can't even remember my mother's maiden name. 
Nudar: It's Gleisner. 
Fry Stupid naked aliens. Stupid Lars. I hate the future. 
Fry: Hmmmm! 
Bubblegum: Man, that cube root was a real buzzer beater, Clyde. 
Fry: Zero. One. One. One. Zero. Zero. One. One! 
Schlump: Blast him. 
Bender Oh great master. 
Fry: Hello 2000. I'm home. 
Voice: (OC) Happy New Year, naked weirdo!
Fry: Happy new year. 
Nudar: Well, we'll never know where the ass guy went, and since we can't kill him, I say live and let live. 
Bender: Aww, that's sweet boss. Fry'll be nice and cozy back in the year 2000. 
Nudar: What?! How do you know he went to the year 2000? 
Bender: That's where he always goes. 
Nudar: Hmm. Better play it safe. Go there a little earlier and wait for him. You know what to do. 
Bender: You want me to concludify him, like some sort of dispatcherator? 
Nudar: Yes. And don't forget to terminate him. 
Bender: Got it. Preparing to terminate Philip Fry!
Schlump: What's with the doofy sunglasses? 
Bender
Bender Ohhh! 
Bender: Hey, there you are! ... Oh, wait, that's Fry before he goes to the future. I'm waiting for the one who comes back from the future. Geesh this is confusing, and I bet it's gonna get a lot more confusing. Offf. That cheap beer really goes right through you. For the first time ever, I gotta use the bathroom, but if I leave, I might miss Fry. Ohhhh unless .... 
Bender-2: ... and I bet it's gonna get a lot more confusing. Huh! Ah! Wha? 
Bender: Hi, I'm you from 19 seconds in the future. Stay here and wait for Fry while I go to the bathroom. 
Bender-2: Ok Boss. After I kill Fry you're next. 
Bender: What? 
Bender-2: Nothing. 
Bender-2: What the? Who are you? 
Bender-3: I'm Bender from way at the end. I came back to put this rub-on time code on Fry's ass. 
Bender-2: So what are you now, a butler? Spot of tea please, jerkwad!
Bender-3: It's called class, you yokel. Now if you'll excuse me, I have a buttocks to tattoo. 
Fry: Hello 2000. I'm home. 
Voice: (OC) Happy New Year, naked weirdo!
Fry: Happy new year. 
Bender-2: Hasta la vista, meatbag!
Fry: Bender? What are you doing? It's me, your best friend. 
Bender-2: Must obey orders. Ohhhhh. Mustn't kill friend!! Ohhhhhh!!! Badly want to urinate!!!!!
Fry: What's happening? Are you urinating? 
Bender-2 Explosion in seven, six, ... 
Fry: It'll be a cold day in hell my friend. 
Bender-2 Hey, I'm supposed to be the one saying cool things!
Bender: Hey ... so the game of cat and mouse begins, huh? Let us match wits. .... Ohhhh, how am I supposed to find him? All those times he blabbed on and on about his life in the twentieth century. If only I'd paid the slightest bit of attention. Oh well, guess I'd better go kill myself. 
Cryogenicist (from Jurassic Bark): Hello, bartender? I have thought it over, and far from being a fat pig, you are very nice and I would like another drink ... 
Bender Helloooo? Kill me you stupid machine. ... What the ... local calls fifty cents? It's a street corner telephone parlor! Oh what kind of horrible suicide free time is this? Wait a minute, maybe this handy encyclopedia of humans will help me track Fry down. 
Bender: One of these Frys must be Fry. Look out Philip Fry, 'cause I got a little present for you. 
Fat Man name is Phillip Fry. Where's my present. 
Bender: Hang on a second Fry. I don't remember you being that ugly. 
Fat Man: Oh no, I've always been this ugly. 
Bender No tattoo. Okay, you can go. 
Fat Man: Farewell sir. 
Bender: Say your prayers, Fry. 
Michelle: This isn't Fry. I kicked Fry out two hours ago. This is my new boyfriend ... uhhh ... 
Constantine: Constantine. 
Michelle: Really? That's a dumb name. Ewwww. 
Bender Ohh, nice, now I see why she left Fry. 
Bender: Okay, you're still clean. I mean metaphorically. 
Bender: He must have left the city. Man, this could take all day. 
Phil: The returns are looking good, Mr. Gore. 
Al Gore: Thanks, Phil. Here's to four years of clean air, clean government, and amazing new technologies such as ... 
Al Gore: ... ROBOT! 
Bender: Philip Fry? 
Transition Announcer: Twelve years passed. Then ... 
Transition Announcer: ... this. 
Bender: Philip J. Fry? 
Yancy Fry, Jr.: Phil, some kind of trash can here to see you. He's coming. 
Philip J. Fry II: Are you made of Tinkertoy? 
Bender: Hmmm. It's been twelve years. Maybe I'm getting taller. 
Philip J. Fry II: You're not getting smarter. 
Bender: Listen, pipsqueak, are you Philip J. Fry or not? 'Cause if you are, I'm here to kill you. 
Philip J. Fry II: I'd like to see you try. 
Philip J. Fry II You---you--you want Uncle Phil. He went to the North Pole on a fishyboat. 
Bender: Ahhhh! The North Pole? I was just there. 
Bender It is him, I'd recognize me, and hence him, anywhere. 
Bender: Follow that guy. There's an extra hundred in it for you if you follow him so close that you run him over. 
Al Gore: (cab driver) Yes sir. 
Al Gore: Dang. That hundred dollars could have bought me one. Gallon. Of gas. 
Bender Others however will call me the world's sexiest killing machine who's fun at parties. Fry, old buddy, it's me, Bender. 
Bender Oh god, what have I done? 
Bender: Preparing to terminate Philip Fry. 
Schlump: What's with the doofy sun glasses? 
Bender: It's really bright in the past.
Bender Mission accomplished. 
Schlump: Fry is dead? 
Bender I'm the greatest. 
Head cleaner: Time code and obedience virus erased. 
Bender: Huh? 
Head cleaner: Also, fifty terabytes of porn. 
Bender: Hey! 
Nudar: You've got no porn, no code, and you're ugly! Let's dance! 
Leela: Now it's true we'll all miss Fry. 
Zoidberg: He was the only one of you who never struck me. 
Leela: And we'll never see if boyish smile and hair horn again. But I bet he went back to his own time. I'm sure he was very happy and lived to a ripe old age. 
Bender: He wasn't and he didn't! 
Bender
Amy: Awww, don't blame yourself, Bender. 
Bender: I don't blame myself, I blame all of you. 
Amy: Us?! How can you possibly blame us? 
Bender Ohhh, Fry, I'd give anything to unmurder you!
Fry: Did someone call me? 
Bender But ... I killed you in 2012. Unless ... 
Fry: Ooph! 
Bender: Nope, he's not a zombie. 
Lars: Welcome back Fry. 
Fry Thank you, Lars. 
Lars I .. ah ... I .. I'll see you later, honey. 
Farnsworth: So tell us Fry. If Bender killed you centuries ago, how in Satan's glorious name did you return? 
Fry: Ohh, it's an astonishing tale of [[Coinage|incredibleness[[. It all began when I went back in time. 
Farnsworth: Duhhh. 
Fry: Hey, Mr. Panucci, I'm back from that delivery to the cryogenic lab. 
Panucci: Great. I'll put you on the cover of Big Whoop magazine! 
Fry: Mmmm, I'm starving. Can I have a slice? 
Panucci: Help yourself. Cash up front. 
H.G. Blob: This note is legal tender. 
Fry: (VO) Unfortunately, I had no money from that era. But that's when it hit me - I knew where to find free pizza. 
Fry Ohh, ice cold. 
Fry: (VO) That's when it hit me again ... 
Fry Zero zero one one zero ... 
Bender-2 Explosion in seven, six ... 
Fry-2: It'll be a cold day in hell my friend. 
Bender-2 Hey, I'm supposed to be the one saying cool things!
Fry: Nice kick, me. 
Fry-2: Thanks. What are you doing here? 
Fry: One hour from now, I travel back in time for free pizza. 
Fry-2: But Nibbler said not to use the time code. 
Fry: Fine, Mr. Responsible, don't use the code. Mmmmm. That pizza sure was good. 
Fry-2: You pig. 
Fry: Whatever. 
Fry: (VO) That's when it hit me yet a third time ... 
Fry: You idiot, frozen me's still got a wallet full of old timey money. 
Fry: Yuck, I touched my own butt. 
Fry: So I unfroze ten minutes ago and I walked over here and then it was now and then I don't know what happened. 
Bender: Well, I'm glad you're alive, but I don't want people to say I'm incompetent so I better kill you again. Hold still. 
Farnsworth: Bender! Stop killing for a minute. The Fry you murdered was doomed anyway. See? 
Bender: What'd ya got there? Numbers? 
Farnsworth: When the time code duplicates a living thing, the copy is always doomed. And that includes flabby Jamaican potbellies. 
Hermes: Kiss my front butt. 
Fry: So my copy lives twelve years before Bender murdered him? 
Bender: Brutally murdered. 
Fry: I wonder what his life was like? 
Scruffy: I guess we'll never know. 
Zoidberg: Or will we? 
Scruffy: Nope. 
Transition Announcer: They won't know, but you will. Lucky you. 
Fry-2: Oh hey Mr. Panucci, I'm back from the delivery to the cryogenic lab. 
Panucci: I know. I read about it in Big Whoop magazine. 
Fry-2: So ... uh ... my girlfriend kicked me out. Can I rent the upstairs storage room? 
Panucci: The upstairs storage? I like you kid. Your lousy life makes me feel good about myself. The room's yours. Here, take some rat spray for the meat ball hamper. 
Hermes: Happy day, mon! It's good to have you back. 
Nibbler: Indeed, but the scammers will soon sprunje the code again. We must remove the time tattoo at once, and as painlessly as possible. 
Lars: Hurry, they're coming. 
Nibbler: There, the code is gone. I saved the space-time continuum and forty percent of your rectum. 
Bubblegum: That's all you need. 
Nudar: I sprunje code. 
Nibbler: Too late, Nudar. I've wiped Fry's butt clean. 
Nudar: We'll see about that. 
Fleb: Nothing boss. We sprunjed his ass inside and out. 
Schlump: The only information we found was a hair shaped like the number six. 
Nudar mmm. Nine. Alright, let him go, I guess the time code really is gone. 
Fry: Thank god. The present may stink, but at least now we can look forward to a better yesterday. 
Fry-2: I'm sorry Leela, I can't keep living in the past, by which I mean the future. I'll always love you, but I've got to move on and find my life's purpose. 
TV Anchorman: ... and that how Bundles the monkey finally found a friend. 
Fry-2: I miss Morbo. 
TV Anchorman: And finally tonight on the late, cute animal news, a story that will really tug your heartstrings, way more than bundles, the doll-raping monkey. It's the tale of lonely Leelu, the little orphan narwhal. 
Fry-2: Awww. 
Dr. Schlovinowitz: (on TV) Leelu is a rare, toothed female narwhal who got disoriented and washed up in Atlantic City, as we all do from time to time. But without a mother, she's lost the will to eat. Come on, take a sip. 
Fry-2: I know how to make things eat. Maybe this is my purpose in life. 
Fry: Hi, I'd like to apply for a job working with Leelu. 
Dr. Schlovinowitz: Question number one, do you have any experience working with marine mammals? 
Fry-2: No, but I think they're pretty neat. 
Dr. Schlovinowitz: That answers question number two. Question number three, do you know where the door is or would you prefer to be kicked out? 
Fry-2: I don't know. I guess kicked out. 
Fry-2: Hiya girl. My name's Fry, and I think you're a cutie 'cause I like things that have only one thing instead of two things. 
Dr. Schlovinowitz: Holy mackerel, she's eating whole mackerel. I don't know what your secret is but if you'll work for minimum wage you can start tomorrow. 
Fry-2: If I work of less than minimum, can I start today? 
Dr. Schlovinowitz: I don't see why not. 
Morbo: (on TV) In business news, the weak and gullible inhabitants of Earth were plunged into economic depression today as the scammer aliens finished stealing every item of value, including ownership of this station. 
Linda
Nudar: Tough times earth chumps. We're repossessing your TV. Seems you can't afford it now that you're unemployed.
Zoidberg: We're not unemplo -- 
Lars: I love the hard museum at night. It's where I come to be alone. 
Heads: Hi Lars. 
De Gaulle: Ah, Lars and la belle Leela. I trust you brought some haute cuisine for an old Frenchman. 
Lars: You're favorite General, Torgo's Executive Powder. 
De Gaulle: Mmmm. Magnifique. 
Lars: Come on Leela, let me show you the hall of screaming skulls. 
Leela
Lars: What's wrong? Is the screaming depressing you? 
Leela: It's just ... my life is changing so fast. I don't know who I am anymore. 
Lars: I know who you are. You're the woman I've been waiting for all my life. 
Leela: Let's go to my place. 
Lars: I ... like what you've done with it. 
Leela: "All tenants evicted, signed new owners"? 
Nudar: That would be us, dump cakes. We're buying the whole city and turning it into a private panda hunting reserve.  Na-na-na!!
Leela: There aren't any Pandas in New New York. 
Schlump: Back it up, Sal!
Amy: Look at us, living like trash eating bums in an alley now. 
Zoidberg: Yes. Now. 
Tinny Tim ooofff. 
Bender: Oops. 
Farnsworth: Well, at least we have each other, so it truly is the worst Xmas ever. 
Hermes: Santa! 
: Ah, the Planet Express crew. According to my list 
Fry: That's it. I don't see how things could get any worse. 
Bender: We could sing. 
Farnsworth: I'd rather kill myself. 
Amy: Why not do both? 
Farnsworth: Oh, very well. 
Nudar: Neh! 
Leela: Lars brought me candy. 
Fry, Amy, Zoidberg, Bender, Tinny Tim, and Nibbler: Cram it down and shut the hell up! 
Hermes: I can't compete with that. 
Leela: Lars says I'm dreamy. 
Fry, Zoidberg, Amy, Tinny Tim, Bender, Farnsworth: Who the hell cares? 
Santa That's my cue. 
Tinny Tim: Oh my word! 
Leela: Hey, guess what guys! 
Zoidberg: What? 
Zoidberg: Mazel tov!
Amy: May stars in heaven bless your love!
Fry: Now could things get any worse. 
Santa: Ho! Ho! Ho. 
Lars: Stop screaming. That's just what the bomb wants us to do. 
Zoidberg
Lars: Don't worry, a bomb in a case is just like a head in a jar. 
Leela Oh Lars! No blowing us up make me love you even more. 
Fry: Life saving goody goody ... 
Farnsworth: Well now that death has been staved off momentarily, let me be the first to say congratulations Leela and Lars. 
Amy: Maid of honor! 
Zoidberg Maid of honor! Ohhh. 
Fry I could make you happy too, if only you'd give me a chance. 
Dr. Schlovinowitz: You've done a wonderful job, Fry. When you first started, I thought she'd be dead within a narweek, which is six days I believe. 
Fry-2
Dr. Schlovinowitz: Now that the kind of whale behavioral science they don't teach you in whale behavioral science class. 
Fry: So what's up, Dr. Schlovinowitz? 
Dr. Schlovinowitz This is a little hard for me to say Fry. You see, it's ... it's time we released Leelu back into the wild. 
Dr. Schlovinowitz: I'm sorry. The decision is final. Plus we need the tank for the Loch Ness monster. 
Fry-2: But that turned out to be a log with a Halloween mask stapled to it. 
Dr. Schlovinowitz: Yes, well, it still draws a crowd. 
Fry-2: I can't let this happen, she'll never be happy without me. 
Elzar: I know you're broke and homeless but you still want a swank wedding reception so I whipped you up some real nice budge appetizers. 
Lars Mmmm. I can keep these down. 
Elzar: Okay! That's a big "yes" on the crud puffs. Try the shlimp cocktail. 
Fry: There must be some way I can stop this wedding. What if I steal the wedding ring?
Bender
Fry: You think that'll be enough to stop the ceremony. 
Bender: Nope. I pulled the old switcheroo, so they won't even know the difference. Wait a minute, I think the copy I made cost more than this. 
Fry: Cheap lousy Lars. 
Bender Actually this is extremely nice, but I really went all out on the copy. It was sorta my gift to them. 
Fry: I can't let this happen. She'll never be happy without me. 
Fry-2: It's not fair, we need each other. 
Panucci
Fry-2: You need your blanket Mr. Panucci. 
Panucci: I don't even want to be here. I only came 'cause you wheeled me. But if that narwal means so much to you, you gotta do something. 
Fry-2: I know. But I can't just go chasing after her. That'd be nuts. 
Panucci: Ah, Sometimes you gotta be a little nuts. Let me introduce you to my cousin. He owns a small freighter. That's him, right behind us. 
Fry-2 Sir, I'd like to engage your ship for a trans-Arctic voyage to capture a Narwhal and bring it back to my room. 
Panucci: The mans is nuts, Leroy.
Leroy: Professional whale keeper, eh? I've carried your type before and we don't get along. Oh, I agree with your values and your goals and your methods, but somehow we just never click on a personal level. 
Fry-2: I'm not a professional anymore. Just a narwal loving private citizen. 
Leroy: Then I'm you man. We'll take on three barrels of fresh sausage and sail at dawn. 
Terry Welcome to the wedding. 
Fry
Bender Oy vey. 
LaBarbara: Go on now, mon, don' cha' know nothin' about zippin' up a woman's frock? 
Slim
Hermes: Get your clumsy, muscular hands off my woman, Barbados. 
LaBarbara: Hermes! Your body! 
Slim: I always said you were a little backward. 
Hermes: Well, I always said you were a little forward ... with my wife. 
Bystanders: ohhh! 
Hermes: Consider yourself bird dogged. 
LaBarbara: That's my man. Take a boat, Barbados. 
Bubblegum: Brother, you gots to tell that sweet thing your time duplicate body is doomed. 
Hermes: Tomorrow morning. After the "festivities". 
Bubblegum Yow, baby! 
Munda Our little girl is finally getting married. And to a normal two eyed human. 
Morris: Eh, he's not good enough for her. Leela deserves a guy with a dozen eyes. 
Munda
Father Changstein-el-Gamahl: Dearly liked, we are gathered here before one or more gods, or fewer, to joining this couple in pretty good matrimony. If anyone objects to this union, let them speak now or forever hold their piece, or do something else. 
Leroy: It's been two years, Fry. We've caught a hundred and eight narwhals and set them all free again. 
Fry-2: None of them were Leelu. 
Inuit #1: But all of them were edible. 
Inuit #2 Can we at least eat that one? I'm sick of sausage. 
Fry-2 I'd know that modified extended tooth anywhere. To the boats! 
Fry-2: Leelu! Leelu! It's me, Fry.
Fry-2 Oh, I've missed you too, Leelu. But we'll never be apart again because we care too much for each other. Fire!
Father Changstein-el-Gamahl: Now, if the couple will sign the wedding license. 
Farnsworth: I warned him. I warned him a time paradox duplicate is always doomed.
Lars What? 
LaBarbara: Oh, no, my man! He's essentially dead again. 
Dr. Cahill: Relax ma'am. Your husband's original body will be repaired within one week. 
LaBarbara: Nah uh uh. Not soon enough. Boy needs a daddy. 
Slim: Cruel runnings, mon. Dr. Cahill: Woopsy-doopsy, poopsy. 
Hermes: Well, let's get on with it. Don't let my doomed body and my doomed marriage stand in the way of your happiness. 
Lars: No, it's not right. We don't want our happy day tainted by misfortune and tragedy, do we? 
Leela: I'm OK with it. 
Lars: No, it's not right. The wedding is off. 
Bender
Fry: Finally, a happy ending. 
TV Announcer And now it's time for Everybody Loves Hypnotoad. 
Zoidberg: Even in a depression, the entertainment industry thrives. 
Fry: Are you okay, Leela? 
Leela: Yeah, I'm just a little down 'cause the only man I'll ever love left me at the altar. Plus I live in a dumpster. 
Zoidberg You stay out of my dumpster! 
Announcer: We interrupt this episode of Everybody Loves Hypnotoad to bring you a special address from Earth President Nixon. 
Announcer: Please, Hypnotoad, it's beyond my control. No! Don't make me kill myseIf! 
Nixon: My fellow Earthicans, I've just received some really great news. I'm about to close a deal that will allow us to buy Earth back from the scammers. 
Bender: That'll teach those scammers and me. 
Nixon: Just when things looked darkest, I received an e-mail from the Andrrrrrrromeda Galaxy. lt seems we've won their quadrillion-dollar family sweepstakes! 
Leela: Oh, Lord. 
Nixon Baroo! There ... seems to have been some ... We've been scammed again, people. Prepare to evacuate Earth. I mean, New Scamadonia. 
Nudar, Fleb and Schlump: Na-na-na-na, Na-na-na-na, Hey, hey, hey, We took your stuff!, etc.
Leela: All aboard for Neptune! 
Farnsworth: Oh, I don't want to go to Neptune. I'll be cold, and heavy. 
Nudar: Thanks for the planet, suckers. 
Bender: It's so cold, my processor is running at peak efficiency. 
Leela. 
Zoidberg Oh, Yetis. 
Farnsworth: Amy, you speak Yeti. What are they saying? 
Amy: I'm not sure, but it sounds like something to do with... "assaulting the interlopers." 
Leela: Don't mess with me, you ice-crapping snow-honkies. I just got dumped. 
Hermes: Sweet Yeti of the Serengeti, she's gone crazy eddie in the head-y. 
Inuit #2: Is that normal? 
Inuit #1: No. Perhaps if we were to cook and eat her slightly... 
Fry-2: Leave her alone. She just needs me to cheer her up. Wanna sword fight, girl? 
Fry-2: That male narwhal seems to be upsetting her. Get us out of here, Captain. Full fast ahead. 
Leroy: Damn whale keepers. 
Leela: Santa! We forgot he's based on Neptune. 
Santa Oh, my heart's not in it. I'm too depressed for murder and mayhem. 
Amy: Aw, try some antidepressants. They're gummy.
Fry: What happened, Santa? 
Santa: The scammers cheated me out of my naughty list to use for telemarketing. Can you imagine the harm they could do with that information? I wanted to do that harm! 
Leela: That's it. They've gone too far. No more running and hiding. It's time to fight back. 
Santa: Now, let's not resort to violence, Leela. 
Leela: We're fighting back and you're helping us, you fat holiday idiot. 
Santa: That hurt. You're on the naughty list! 
Leela: So that's our proposal napkin, Mr. President. We have just enough people and ships to mount a ragtag attack. 
Nixon: You wish, missy. Dog-danged scammers used our money to build a fleet of remote-controlled, solid-gold Death Stars. 
Bender: Ooh! I'd take one of those with a side of chili fries. 
Nixon: We're hopelessly outgunned. The Force is with us, but that's about it. 
Santa: Ah, but we have access to a huge manufacturing complex. 
Kwanzabot: Kwanzabot 
Chanukah Zombie
Neptunians: Damn you!  Doo, doo, doodoo!
Neptunians: Says who? Doo, doo, doodoo!
Neptunians
Kwanzabot
Santa: Yeah, K? 
Kwanzabot: CZ? 
Santa: Can they sue for liability? 
Nixon: Certainly not! 
Santa: Use as much as you are able. 
Neptunians: This bites. Doo, doo, doodoo!
Leela Now, let's fight. 
Nixon Let's fight.
Neptunians: Doo, doo, doodoo!
Santa: Okay!
Chestnuts roasting,
I'm gonna open fire.
Prepare for gore galore!
Santa, Chanukah Zombie and Kwanzabot: This trinity's going to war! 
Leela: Troops, you are now equipped with the finest weapons magical elves can build. As for the battle plan... 
Nixon: And now, to present the battle plan, Commander Zapp Brannigan! 
Leela: What? 
Zapp: At ease, people. I was redecorating my undisclosed location when I received word of an heroic invasion. Kif, crouch down and shield my thighs from the cold, for God's sake. 
Zapp: We fight this battle, not for ourselves, but for our children and our children's children. Which is why I'm forming a children's brigade. Will the following youths please step forward? Cubert Farnsworth. 
Cubert: Here, sir! 
Farnsworth: My boy. Oh, God, no! 
Zapp: Dwight Slim. 
Dwight: Here. 
Hermes: You took his name? Oh, God, no! In several ways! 
Zapp: Assuming the 15th pile of children buys us a few seconds, we will then execute maneuver 45. Followed by maneuver 44. 
Kif: Forty-six. 
Zapp: Oh, great. Now I have to start back at the beginning with maneuver two. 
Kif: One. 
Lars: Admiral, will we stop attacking at any point or is this one of those phony-baloney, feel-good wars like the war on drugs? 
Zapp: What's your name, smart mouth? 
Lars: Lars Fillmore. 
Zapp: Ah, the lovely Leela's on-again, off-again paramour. Perhaps a suicide mission would knockthe insubordination out of you. 
Leela: Yes, yes, yes. 
Kif: We're approaching Earth, sir. 
Zapp
Leela: Does anybody mind if I take command? 
Nibbler: No. 
Sal: Nos. 
Bubblegum: Nah. 
Al Gore: Nope. 
Cubert: No, Miss Turanga. 
Donbot: No, I do not. 
Santa: No. 
Kwanzabot: It's cool.
Chanukah Zombie: Argh!
Leela: All right. Unit one, acquire target A and fire! 
Fleb: Yes! Nailed the children's ship. 
Leela: Unit 10, Target H, 16-K. Niner, niner, go left! I mean right. 
Sal: Whoas! 
Leela: 55-U. 8-R, 2-V. 
Farnsworth: Bingo! 
Hattie: Cheating son of a... 
Al Gore: Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! 
Leela: It's hopeless! I can't coordinate this many ships! 
Hermes: Perhaps I can help! Professor, can you wire my head directly into the battle grid? 
Farnsworth: I can wire anything directly into anything. I'm the professor! 
Hermes: Then prepare to see a bureaucrat's brain in action. 
Al Gore: Finally, I get to save the Earth with deadly lasers instead of deadly slide shows. 
Clamps: He's champing for a clamping! 
Kwanzabot: Kwa-zang! 
Hermes: I did it! I saved Earth and won back my woman. Right, woman? 
LaBarbara: Oh, Hermes, I've been such a fool. Truth be, I married you for your sexy potato body,but I'm staying with you for your sexy potato head. 
Slim: You haven't seen the last of Barbados Slim! Now, goodbye forever. 
Nudar: Nice attack, doo-doo heads! Too bad we have one last trick up our sleeve!
Amy: I doubt that! 
Nudar: Remember this, Farnsworth? 
Farnsworth: Farnsworth? That's me! My doomsday device! So it was the scammers! They sawed off my hand and stole the doomsday device. 
Bender: lt wasn't them. lt was me, Bender. The master criminal! 
Nudar: So what'll it be? - Unconditional surrender? 
Leela: Never! 
Nudar: Or totaI destruction? 
Leela: Also never! 
Nudar: You have 30 seconds. Make up your minds! 
Leela Nevvveeeeer! 
Bender
Bender: Shut up and keep looking apologized to. 
Leela: Dum de dum. 
Nudar: Uh-oh. I have a worrisome shriveling sensation in my sprunjer. 
Amy: Yay! Bender! 
Fry: All right! 
Fry: Bender, how the Hulk did you end up with the doomsday device? 
Bender: I was working the long con all along. While sawing off the professor's hand with an extremely dull saw, I had some time to think. So I asked myself, "Who could use a doomsday device more? The scammers or me, Bender?". After several minutes of sawing, I knew the answer. Me, Bender. So I retrieved the dummy satchel ... 
Bender: (VO) ... and as soon as I was out of the scammers' control, I pulled the old switcheroo. 
Bender: And that's how I saved Earth and am the greatest! 
Nixon: Bender the robot, I'm proud to present you Earth's highest award for swindling. The Dirty Double-Cross. 
Bender: I'll aways treasure it and immediately hock it. 
Lars: There, your body's good as new. Just pop in an executive suppository every few... 
Fry: What is it? 
Leela: Nothing. 
Fry: It's supposed to be a celebration, Leela. I mean, come on. Whimmy-wham-wham-whazle! 
Leela: I can't help it. I was gonna be married. I was so happy. 
Fry: Well, maybe you'll meet someone else someday. 
Leela: No, you don't understand. Lars is the only man I'll ever love. I know it in my heart. 
Fry: You remember when we first met? 
Leela: Uh-huh. lt was right there in the cryogenic lab, eight years ago today. 
Fry: Meet me there in five minutes. It's important. 
Fry-2: Why are you so sad, Leelu? 
Fry-2 Wait a second, are you two... 
Fry-2: Atanarjuat, Fufu, come here! We have to set Leelu free. 
Inuit #2: Dang. I never should have quit my job at the casino. 
Fry-2: Me, neither. But she needs what'll make her happy, not what'll make me happy. 
Fry-2: Goodbye, Leelu. 
Lars: I don't much know about frozen heads, but, of course, if it's Mahatma Gandhi, I'll... Leela? 
Leela: Lars? 
Lars: I... I really have to go, I... 
Leela: Fry, was this an idiotic trick to get Lars and me back together? 
Fry: Quite idiotic. But you don't need to be an idiot to see that you two belong together. And, Leela,I want what'll make you happy, not what'll make me happy. 
Lars: I'm sorry, I really am, but Leela and I just can't be married. 
Fry: Why not? You obviously love each other. What are you, cousins? 
Lars: Fry, you deserve to know the truth. It's because... 
Nudar: Nobody move! 
Leela: Nudar! How did you survive the doom blast? 
Nudar: My doom-proof platinum vest absorbed most of the radiation. In retrospect, I wish I'd been wearing doom-proof pants, but you know us nudists. Now give me the time code! 
Fry: I don't have it! Nibbler heat-blasted it off my butt. 
Nudar: Not you. 
Nudar: You! 
Leela: Lars? He doesn't have it. He never had it. Fry had it! 
Fry: But Nibbler heat-blasted it off my butt! I want to stress that part! 
Nudar: My throbbing sprunjer says otherwise. Now where is it? 
Lars: I'm not afraid of you or your expensive gun! Go ahead and shoot! 
Nudar: Oh, yeah? Then what if I kill the woman you love? 
Leela: Don't you understand, numb-neck? He doesn't love me! 
Lars I've... always loved you. Don't hurt her. I'll give you the code. 
Nudar: What the... 
Bender-2 Woah! 
Leela: Lars, no! 
Fry-2 It's enough just to know you're happy. 
Fry-2 You, too. It's enough to know you're happy with Lars. 
Bender
Fry-2: My hair! 
Fry-2: My larynx! 
Lars: I'm Lars?  I'm Lars! 
Fry: Wait for me, Leela! I'll be there in a thousand years. 
Lars So I got a job at the Head Museum and waited for the wonderful day when Leela would arrive. Everything was perfect until Hermes exploded at our wedding. That's when I learned that, as a time paradox duplicate, I, too, was doomed. I couldn't put Leela through that. So I called it off. I'm sorry, Leela. 
Leela I understand. 
Crazy Guy: That concludes another Silly Willy Wideo Will! 
Fry: He was a good man, Leela. 
Leela: Yeah... you were. 
Farnsworth: Well, I guess that wraps everything up in a nice, paradox-free bow. 
Bubblegum: Not quite, my wrinkly brother. 
Nibbler: Right on! In order for any of this to make any sense at all, someone must make one final trip back in time to put the code on Fry's ass in the first place! 
Bender: Sounds like a job for me, Bender. 
Bender: Zero, zero, one, one, zero, zero... 
Bender: Mission accomplished! 
Fry: You put the time code on my ass? 
Bender: Someone's ass. Oh, and guess what? I met all these really cool guys with treasure down in the limestone cavern, so I invited them to stick around instead of coming up when they were logically supposed to. 
Nibbler: No! No! Everyone out of the universe! Quick! 
Bender: What's the worst that can happen? 
Bender. 
Narrator: Previously on Futurama.
Morbo: It has now been one month since space ripped open like flimsy human skin. Terrified earthlings are beginning to grow exhausted.
Hermes: Professor, sprinkle us with wisdom from your mighty brain. How scared should we be?
Farnsworth: Somewhere between not at all and entirely.
Zoidberg
Morbo: Scientists believe the rip is a gateway to another universe, but do not know what mysteries lie beyond. However, in this reporter's opinion gruesome death awaits us all!
Linda: And now with sports, here's Sportsbot 5000.
SportsBot 5000: All sports cancelled.
Farnsworth: To better understand the anomaly, I will now focus its radiation on a giant medium-sized ant to see what happens.
Giant medium-sized ant: What's going on here? I was told there would be sugar syrup.
Farnsworth
Fry: Oh, hey, everyone, this is Colleen.
ALL: Hello!
Amy: I like your shoes.
Bender: This is awkward. Introducing your new girlfriend to Chesty McNag-nag.
Leela: Oh, don't mind him. I'II turn him off.
Bender: Hey, you can't (voice slowing)turn me off...
Leela: Hi. I'm Leela.
Colleen: Hi, Leela, hi, everyone. Sorry I've been taking up so much of Fry's time. He's just so interesting. Have you seen how much cotton candy he can eat?
Farnsworth
Fry
Zoidberg: This lovey-dovey stuff is making me vomit from my saltwater and freshwater stomachs.
Leela: It is pretty sickening.
Zoidberg: No, the double-vomit is a sign of joy. Fry told me how he and Colleen first met.
Zoidberg: So, how did you and Colleen first meet?
Fry: Well...
Fry: Something about seeing it on the Jumbotron makes it so much more real.
Colleen: It's so scary. What are you supposed to do when the whole universe is coming to an end?
Fry
Bender: This is gonna be juicy. What? Oh, man!
Amy: Speaking of sappy love... Want to tell them, Kiffy?
Kif: Yes, Amy and I have a big announcement. I... That is, we... Oh, I'm just so excited.
Amy
Zoidberg: Mazel tov!
Farnsworth: Wonderful!
Hermes: What the hell does that mean?
Kif: It means I've asked Amy to join my family. And you're all invited to my family swamp for our Fonfon Rubok ceremony.
Amy: If I had ever heard of it, it would have been what I had always dreamed of.
Kif: Oh! And our parents will be meeting for the first time ever.
Bender
Kif: Mr. And Mrs. Wong, aren't you excited that we're all about to be joined in a single family?
Mr. Wong: You can't borrow money.
Mrs. Wong
Kif: Mrs. Wong, no. The finial stage of my species' life cycle is a colony of flying hookworms. You just squashed part of my father.
Mr. Kroker: Welcome.
Mrs. Wong: Sorry. I guess you got plenty of bugs to spare though, huh?
Mr. Kroker: That was my left testicle.
Bender And the awkward meter goes up another notch. Ding, ding, ding, ding ding...
Fry: Wow, Colleen, you look so beautiful in the light of the swamp gas.
Colleen: Thanks. This is really fun. I love going to exotic worlds and getting hammered.
Fry: Me, too.
Bartender
Zapp: Leela, I can't help but notice you're unescorted. Might I escort you behind that bush for the next five minutes?
Leela: Nothing would revolt me more.
Zapp: Then how about that shrub?
Kif: Ooh! Rubok is begun.
Grand Midwife: I am the Grand Priestess.
Fry: Aren't you also the Grand Midwife?
Grand Midwife: And the grand Lunch Lady. I work five jobs, all grand. Kif of the clan Kroker, please transcend the Rubok Etlon with your Fonfon Smizmar Ru.
Kif: What?
Grand Midwife As you become one with the ooze, so you become one with the clan Kroker.
Amy: Oh, Kif, it's like a movie with this happening in it.
Grand Midwife: Is the best man present?
Zapp: Guilty as charged.
Grand Midwife: Kindly hose the couple.
Grand Midwife It's not part of the ceremony. I just had an extra snake. Rubok is complete. Throw the bouquet.
Zoidberg
Bender Fry, run, run. Get over here, oh, my God, oh, my God!
Fry: What? What is it?
Bender: Shut up already! Calculon's on TV!
Monique: I beg you, Calculon, don't ring that door chime.
Calculon: I have no choice, Monique. Whoever the blackmailer is, he lives behind this hideous yet strangely familiar door.
Human Friend: Calculon residence. Oh, hello, Mr. Calculon.
Calculon: Son of a bit. This is my house. But that means I'm blackmailing myself. Why didn't you tell me, Monique?
Monique: I tried to, but I couldn’t. Oh, Calculon, I'm afraid you have a fourth personality the other three don't know about, and it and I are lovers!
Bender: How's Calculon going to take this, Fry, especially after that humiliating tennis tournament? Fry?
Fry Don't know, Bender. Tonight's my big date with Colleen. I got to run.
Bender: But me and you like to watch together. Look, I got you a cabbage to snack on. Humans like cabbage, right?
Carnival Barker Keep your hands in the car, shut up, and have fun.
Fry: Wow, you even look beautiful in 2D.
Colleen
Fry: A really hot line segment. So, listen, sweetie pie, I was thinking maybe we should take this to the next step.
Colleen: Really?
Fry: Yes. Colleen...will you be moved in with by me?
Colleen: (SOFT GASP)
Amy: Way to go.
Zoidberg: Hooray, hooray.
Leela: That's great.
Bender I could just curl up at the foot of the bed. (WHIMPERING)
Farnsworth: Listen up, everyone. I know you've all been extremely worried about the cosmic anomaly.
Hermes: The what? Oh, right.
Farnsworth: But there's good news! We're all going to learn more about it at a scientific conference.
Man walking on screen: ...like a city made of marshmallow.
Stephen Hawking's head: Welcome. I am the pickled head of Stephen Hawking on a way-cool rocket.
Leela (embarrassed)
Stephen Hawking: You should have.
Stephen Hawking: In conclusion, I understand nothing about the anomaly, even after cashing the huge check I got for writing a book about it.
Farnsworth (standing up): I know this anomaly is terrifying. But as scientists, is it not our sworn duty to seek out knowledge, even at the cost of our very lives?
Stephen Hawking: No.
Farnsworth: I say we must mount an expedition to the anomaly forthwith.
Wernstrom: I agree.
Farnsworth: Wernstrom!
Wernstrom
Farnsworth: Don't listen to that crackpot!
Wernstrom: But I'm agreeing with you.
Farnsworth
Wernstrom I volunteer to lead the expedition. I have a squad of graduate students eager to risk their lives for a letter of recommendation.
Farnsworth: Your squad sucks bosons! My team is twice as qualified and three times as expendable.
The PE Crew (standing up): Yeah!
Wernstrom: Oh, tough talk for someone with only one Fields Medal.
Crowd: Ooh!
Stephen Hawking: Ooh!
Farnsworth: Wernstrom, I ought to...
Stephen Hawking: I didn't know I could do that. Now quiet down and settle this like men of science.
Professor (sitting down): Very well.
Professor (VO): Let Deathball begin!
Farnsworth: Go, Planet Express!
Wernstrom: Go even more, my team!
: 0 - Wernstrom
Fry
Colleen (with two beers in her hands): Woo hoo! Bust those balls!
Zoidberg
Leela: Come on, Bender! Your grandmother could push harder than that!
Bender: No crap. My grandmother was a bulldozer.
Bender: And thus metal man defeated meat man. The end.
Colleen: Come here, winner!
Colleen (looking at one of Wernstrom's players)
Fry (confused): Colleen, what are you doing? My face is over here.
Colleen: This is my boyfriend, silly!
Fry (confused): I thought I was your boyfriend.
Colleen: You are.
Fry (confused): Well, how can you have two boyfriends?
Colleen Fry, meet Chu, Bolt, Ndulu, and Shlomo.
Chu: Nihow.
Ndulu: Greetings.
Bolt: Pleasure.
Fry: But... But...
Colleen: Shlomo and Ndulu will help you move your stuff into my apartment tonight.
Ndulu: Welcome to the relationship, buddy!
Fry
Chu: There's my butterscotch.
Farnsworth: Congratulations, Deathballers! We've won the right to explore the anomaly!
Zoidberg: What? I thought I was playing for my freedom!
Farnsworth Now, I've often said "good news" when sending you on a mission of extreme danger. So when I say this anomaly is dangerous, you can imagine how dangerous I really think it is.
Hermes: Not dangerous at all?
Farnsworth: Actually, quite dangerous indeed.
Hermes: That is quite dangerous!
Farnsworth: Indeed. Now stop shilly-shallying! Prep the ship and line up for your pre-flight coffee enemas!
Fry: I don't know what to do, Leela. Should I move in with Colleen and her four other boyfriends?
Leela: What are you going to do? Sleep in a big pile like hamsters?
Fry: No! It's not like that. Everyone gets his own room and a shelf in the refrigerator.
Zoidberg (walking by): Take the deal, Fry! If there's a delicious cake, isn't it better to have one slice than none at all? Even if four other guys eat the other four slices, and they're all thrusting their sweaty naked bodies against the cake?
Amy (with Kif)
Fry: Yeah. I do love her.
Kif (high pitched voice)
Farnsworth: Whoa!
Enema Bot: Double espresso for Philip Fry?
Fry (standing up): Sorry, I'm not going on the mission. I'm moving in with Colleen!
Kif: Good for you, Fry.
Zoidberg: Hooray!
Amy: Alright!
Fry
Colleen Welcome to your new home!
Fry I'm just happy to be here with you.
Ndulu: Want a slice of delicious cake?
Bender(VO): (Gasps) The anomaly!
Amy: It's so anomalous.
Hermes: I'm feeling dread deep in my dreads!
Farnsworth: Wernstrom!
Wernstrom: Yes, and I'm afraid I have disturbing news about the anomaly. You see...
Farnsworth: How did you get this number? Hermes, hang up on him in the rudest possible manner.
Hermes (saluting Farnsworth)
Wernstrom
Colleen I've got good wine, five sweethearts, and today, I was promoted to Chief of Police.
Fry (toasting Colleen): Here's to you.
Chu: Me?
Fry: No, Colleen. I'm making a romantic toast.
Chu: Sorry.
Fry: You have the most beautiful eyes I think I...
Ndulu: Thank you.
Fry: I'm not talking to you!
Ndulu: Then I am not talking to you, either.
Schlomo: Will everyone be quiet a little? I want to hear what he has to say!
Fry: Thank you.
Schlomo: Not you, you Verstinkener. You're just here 'cause she likes cave men from the stupid ages.
Bolt: Oh, look who's talking. You're just here 'cause she got matzoh fever.
Ndulu: So, what's the explanation for you, moron fever? (laughs)
Colleen: Enough! All of you! I love you. Most people in this world don't have what we have. Let's just be grateful, okay?
All: Yeah.
Chu: Yeah, you're right.
Fry: So, Colleen, you look really nice.
Colleen There he is. Don't wait up!
Fry (angrily)
Ndulu: Me?
Bender (stammering) What's everybody looking at me for?
Bender: "Let's send a robot to explore it. 'Cause you can always buy another one for 20 bucks."
Leela: Really?
Bender: Well, it's 30 bucks, and there's a $10-mail-in rebate. When the League of Robots hears about this, they won't be pleased. Oh, you'll pay, my darlings.
Hermes: The League of Robots doesn't exist, tin mon. It's just a cartoon for babies.
Bender Answer that with your precious logic.
Bender (within inches of the anomaly)
Bender So that's what happened.
Amy: Hey, Bender! Look who's here to cheer you up.
Bender: I don't need cheering up. I'm perfectly...
Calculon (entering the room): Greetings, sick fan.
Bender: (Gasps) TV's Calculon! (He coughs)
Calculon That fulfills my community service, right?
Ron Whitey Ow!
Colleen (sobbing): Where did we go wrong, Fry? We were meant to be together!
Schlomo: Nu, I'm freezing my tokhes off here.
Colleen (happily): Just a sec, honey!
Bender
Zoidberg
Bender I finally know what I want to be when I grow up.
Hermes: You want to co-star in his TV show? Like that time you already did that?
Bender: No. I'm gonna be a stalker!
Leela: That's not really a career. More of a felony.
Bender Ooh! Big news on the Calculon fan site! There's a flash mob headed for his plastic surgeon's office!
Plastic Surgeon: There, that's as big as I can make it. But I caution you, it looks completely unrealistic.
Calculon: You let me worry about that! Just do your job.
Plastic Surgeon: Very well. Will you be using your SAG insurance?
Calculon Dear God, no!
Bender
Man: Get a shot of that.
Fatbot
Crazed Fan: Calculon, I love you! Have my baby!
Calculon
Crazed Fan: He touched me!
Bender
Farnsworth (sniffing)(VO) Leela, smell this.
Leela: Can I wipe it off first?
Farnsworth: No time, woman! No time!
Leela (sniffing)
Farnsworth: Exactly! That's a discontinuous electromagnetic field. Wernstrom tried to warn me, but I was too damn stubborn! Hermes, get Wernstrom on the line so I can apologize.
Wernstrom: Ogden Wernstrom speaking.
Farnsworth (whispering): Tell him I'm not here!
Leela: Professor!
Farnsworth: Oh, very well. Wernstrom, I've been a vainglorious fool! If you can find it in your heart to forgive me, your tiny little heart, would you consider a scientific collaboration?
Wernstrom
Wernstrom Observe.
Pocket Pal: Play time is fun time.
Wernstrom (while hurling the robot into the anomaly): Not this time.
Farnsworth: My heavens! If only I'd heeded your warning, I'd have known it was impossible to cross the barrier!
Wernstrom (while opening a barrel labelled "Lab Animals")
Farnsworth So living beings can enter the other universe, but electrical devices can't?
Wernstrom: My hypothesis exactly.
Farnsworth: Then we must mount a second expedition without delay. Right after we blow up more robots.
Wernstrom: Agreed.
Farnsworth: Play time is fun time.
Calculon: Who are you?
Bender: Bender, your biggest fan.
Calculon: Are you going to murder me?
Bender
Calculon: Sir, your derangement is impressive. I'm appointing you my official stalker.
Bender
Farnsworth: Now that I've teamed up with my friend, Dr. (spiteful tone) Wernstrom, (normal tone) I feel certain we can successfully penetrate the other universe.
Wernstrom: It's the greatest scientific opportunity since you yourself sent men to the moon in 1969.
Nixon: I always regretted that. Nothing up there but dry rocks and those revolting onion men.
Farnsworth: But...
Nixon: You East Coast intellectuals had your chance. Now beat it! From here on in, this is a military matter.
Nixon: People of the universe, please welcome Rear Brigadier Zapp Brannigan.
Zapp (To crowd) Ever since man first left his cave and met a stranger with a different language and a new way of looking at things, the human race has had a dream. To kill him, so we don't have to learn his language or his new way of looking at things.
Wernstrom: Give science a chance!
Farnsworth: Less invasions, more equations!
Nixon: Damn long-hairs. Knock some sense into them, Chief O'Hallahan.
Colleen
Fry (sobbing): I can't take it, Leela. I need to go away. Far away, forever.
Leela: Aw, I know how you feel, Fry. There are times when I also feel like you need to go away.
Amy: Be careful, my little, teeny, greeny weenie.
Zapp (grabbing/covering his groin): That's just a fungal infection... Oh, she's talking to you, Kif.
Kif
Bender (to Calculon): Wow, how come humans get to do all the fun stuff? This is exactly the sort of thing that ought to be handled by (whispering) The League of Robots.
Calculon: (He laughs.) That's adorable, Bender. You actually believe in the League of Robots?
Bender: You mean, there's really no such thing? Then who's there to mete out justice when an outdated robot is melted into belt buckles? Who's there to defend our honour when a rude human brings a blush to a robo-virgin's cheek?
Calculon: No one.
Bender: Oh.
Bender (VO): Now that I know robots are worthless, with no League of Robots to protect us from the fleshy menace known as man, I have resolved to kill myself. In lieu of flowers, please beat yourselves in the face with rusty chains. Your friend, Bender.
Zoidberg: Ow.
Suicide Booth: Please select mode of death.
Bender: Clumsy bludgeoning, please.
Suicide Booth: You have selected clumsy bludgeoning. For an additional $10, would you like your eyes scooped out with a melon-baller?
Bender: What the heck, I'll treat myself.
Zapp: Enemy in range. Prepare to launch universe-to-universe missile.
Kif
Zapp: Hell of a thing to send a universe to certain doom. Fun, though. Makes a man feel big.
Bender (tapping his foot): Come on, come on, I didn't ask to die of boredom!
Suicide Booth
Bender: What's... What's happening?
Hooded Robot: Kneel before the candle.
Bender: Don't hurt me! I'll betray anyone!
Hooded Robot: Bender Bending Rodriguez...
Calculon Welcome to the League of Robots!
Zapp
Francine: Missile jam. Missile jam.
Zapp: I heard you the first time, Francine.
Francine: Sorry.
Zapp
Calculon: Tell us, Bender. Are you worthy of membership in the League?
Bender: Worthier than the average robot.
Calculon Upon each step is a test.
Bender: Okay, but if it's culturally biased, I'm suing your ass.
Calculon
British Robot: Quite right, quite so.
ALL: Drink the mug! Drink the mug!
Bender
ALL: Hurray!
Hedonism Bot: The test of the flagon!
ALL: Drink the flagon! Drink the flagon!
Bender: Are all the tests going to involve drinking?
Calculon: It never occurred to me before, but yes.
Bender
Zapp: Ready yet, Kif?
Kif (tinkering with the missile, legs hanging out of the missile bay)
Kif
Billionaire Bot
Calculon
Fender: That's right, baby!
Bender: Hot diggity daffodil!
Fry: And so, to everyone and everything I've ever known, I say my last goodbye.
Kif: Hello. So, how are you, Fry?
Fry: Pretty good. You?
Kif Well... Oh.
Zapp
Amy (sobbing): At least Kiffy died quickly.
Hermes: Yes, but according to the Old Farmer's Wikipedia, the amazing thing about Kif's species is that the remains continue suffering for up to six hours after death.
Amy (sobbing): That's so interesting!
Bender: Don't ask where I was last night. For all you know, I was at home, perhaps baking a strudel. What's her problem? Somebody die or something?
Leela: Kif's dead, Bender.
Bender: Nailed it!
Zapp
Mrs. Wong: We so sorry, Mr. and Mrs. Kroker. Terrible shame about Froggy.
Mrs. Kroker: Thank you for your kind words.
Mr. Wong
Bender This is from the league of you-don't-need-to-know.
Grand Midwife: I am the grand funeral director!
Zoidberg: Do you validate parking?
Grand Midwife
Leela: Whack the bottle!
Hermes: No, from the bottom ! It works better!
Amy (sobbing): Just stick a butter knife in it!
Grand Midwife There, I got most of it. The burial is complete. I will now sing the sacred hymn. It's not part of the ceremony, just a little something that I wrote.
Bender (interrupting the song): Next!
Amy: It may sound strange, but seeing Kif's mutilated remains poured into the mud made me really sad.
Leela: Mutilation is never easy.
Amy (crying): I don't think I'll ever love again.
Leela: Oh, you don't mean that. Love can surprise you at any time in your life.
Zapp
Fry
URL
Farnsworth: Regular or conjugal?
URL She looked like a freak to me.
Leela
Farnsworth: I don't understand. Are you winking or blinking?
Leela Hang on a second.
Farnsworth: Got it!
Bender: Ahh, yes, I'm here to repair my horse.
Shop Owner: Is the horse's name (whispers) Hot Beans?
Bender: No! I mean, yes.
British Robot: So it seems a human had been rather injured by a knife, and as his... As his blood, you know, I think that's what they call it...
Calculon: Quite correct, sir. Blather on!
British Robot but he was unable to complete his thought, you see, being as he had died. So, taking him at his word, we dragged his corpse to the waterfront, whereupon the seagulls fed upon it.
Bender: Humans are dumb and they die easy!
Hedonism Bot: Quite!
Billionaire Bot Cost me a king's ransom. Made from a king, don't you know!
Hedonism Bot: Oh, how repulsively decadent!
Billionaire Bot: Yes. But more importantly, it allows me to see the smiling faces of my children for the first time since I lost my vision in that horrible banking accident.
Bender
Hedonism Bot: I say!
Billionaire Bot: I'm blind!
Calculon: My God, Bender! This is a civilized organization! The rules specifically...
Bender May I make a point of order, President Calculon?
Calculon: Must you?
Bender: Yes.
Bender: The bylaws specifically state that no human may set foot in the League of Robots! If he has a human part, he's part human!
Hedonism Bot: Oh, my! Then I too have a human part I must expel. And I plan to enjoy the experience. Ta-ta !
British Robot: Bender, you've rigidly applied the law with no regard for its intent. Well done! You'll go far in this organization.
Bender
Wernstrom: Curses! If we could only turn up the gain, we might smell clear through to the other universe! But we can't adjust it without a screwdriver.
Farnsworth Yes!
Wernstrom: A little more. A little less. Heavens to meteoroid! Smell this!
Farnsworth: Holy mother of invention!
Wernstrom: We must notify the President at once!
Farnsworth: But how can we? Oh, I wish, I wish, I wish we weren't in prison!
Farnsworth: Pazuzu!
Pazuzu You have one wish left, Professor.
Guard #1: I think I got him !
Guard #2: Mmm-hmm. That's what you get for letting your guard...
Nixon: Sometimes... Always... Never! You again? This better be damned important. I'm right in the middle of a Cosmo survey!
Farnsworth: You'll want to hear this, Mr. President. For we have sniffed where no man has sniffed before!
Mayor Poopenmeyer: Look! Up in the sky!
Hermes: It's a bird!
Hattie McDoogal: It's a plane!
Super Hero
Electronic Voice: Incoming call from Mars.
Amy (sadly): Hello?
Mrs. Wong: Why you so sad, Amy?
Amy: My husband died, Mom !
Mrs. Wong
Electronic Voice: Collect call from Decapod 10. Will you pay for color?
Zoidberg: No! Uncle Zoid! What's new? You still doing theatre for the blind and deaf?
Uncle Zoid
Zoidberg (franticly)
Zapp (VO) Waiter! Take this fried mozzarella back to the kitchen and fry it some more.
Nixon: The tentacle's coming towards Earth and there's no stopping it. King Kong's too old to save us this time.
Farnsworth: We have only one hope, Mr. President. We must encase the entire planet in a protective sphere of my patented, ultra-hard Diamondium!
Wernstrom: Diamondium? (He scoffs.) I could gum through that with my dentures behind my back. My trademarked Diamondillium is twice as hard!
Farnsworth: Twice as hard as your head! Which makes it still fairly soft!
Nixon: Now look here, you Poindexters. I don't care how you decide. Just decide!
Farnsworth: Diamondillium it is.
Bender (standing in front of the fireplace): So, hey, Calculon, I know I'm the new guy, and, pardon my ignorance, but when do we kill all humans?
Calculon: Never.
Bender Doesn't it mean anything?
Calculon: Oh, Bender, your idealism is heart-warming. But the League of Robots hasn't killed a human in over 800 years. And that was a very sick girl scout.
British Robot: Quite sick indeed.
Calculon
Wernstrom
Farnsworth It was! All credit to my colleague, Ogden Wernstrom!
H. G. Blob: It's horrible!
Zoidberg
Leela
Zoidberg: Go on without me faster!
Hermes: Sweet squid of Madrid! The tentacle got Fry!
Leela: Quick, hand me my machete! We can still save his legs!
Fry I have traveled far and seen deep, and I have come to know the purpose of our existence.
Randy: Finally.
Fry (who is now shown on the Jumbotron): Thou shalt love the tentacle!
Farnsworth: Well, at least we don't have to love one another.
Fry Open your necks and receive the love!
Warden Vogel: Ow, my neck!
Morgan Proctor: Ow, my neck!
Fishy Joe Ow, my neck!
Mayor Poopenmeyer Say, I love the tentacle.
Hattie McDoogal I also love the neck-a-majigger!
Zoidberg
Hermes: It got Zoidberg!
Farnsworth: Oh, I never knew how much I'd miss him until he was gone! Not that much, as it turns out.
Fry: Thus sayeth the tentacle, "Verily, thou shalt rejoice in the house of the tentacle."
Leela: Fry, listen to yourself. You've been brainwashed.
Fry
Leela (pointing a gun at Fry): I'm listening.
Fry
Leela (pointing two guns at Fry): Aw. That's so nice for both of you.
Fry Only when the space anomaly opened could it finally express a billion years of longing.
Leela Really? It loves us that much? Fire Diamondium cannon!
Fry
Leela: No effect. The crystals are bouncing off the tentacle like meatballs off Mothra.
Wernstrom: Oh, what a surprise. I told you Diamondium was worthless!
Farnsworth: Wernstrom, quit hyping your cheap Diamondillium and look at this.
Wernstrom: Uh-oh.
Hermes: What oh?
Farnsworth: According to this blinking light, the tentacle is made of electro-matter, matter's bad-ass grandma! Nothing from our universe can cut through it. Not Diamondium, not Diamondillium, not even your wife's pound cake, Hermes! (To Wernstrom:) She's a terrible cook. (To All:) Anyway, we're all dead.
Bender So, Bender, is something wrong? Who said that? Oh, it was me! 'Cause my roommate doesn't notice or even care that I'm upset!
Fry: What, Bender? Is something wrong?
Bender: Yes! I joined a club I thought was cool, but it turns out all the leaguie-weegies are totally lame. That's what we call ourselves, "leaguie-weegies."
Fry I've been kind of preoccupied.
Bender: With what?
Fry: Well, I went to another universe, and I fell in love with a giant octopus, and now I'm pope of a new religion.
Bender: Weren't you already pope of something?
Fry No.
Bender: Oh. Well, I'm just saying I'd like you to show an interest in my life, too.
Fry
Linda (Screaming): They're coming! Those horrible, horrible things are coming! (Calm) Morbo?
Morbo: As the universe falls prey to the revolting alien, only a few isolated pockets of resistance remain.
Linda: Those pockets sure are missing out on a great thing.
Leela: Amy?
Amy I better have some cocoffee.
Hermes: When I gave up diapers, my parents promised exactly this would never happen!
Leela
Fry: Well done, people! We had a great first week. We got 90% of world leaders, everyone who bought a Hanes undershirt, and this year's most promising new R&B group, give it up for the Grammy-nominated Funkalistics!
The Funkalistics (singing) Talkin' 'bout the tentacle!
Farnsworth: Good news, everyone! I was up all night inventing, and then finally, I invented!
Amy: Invented what?
Farnsworth the lady neck protector!
Hermes: I'll take two. My neck is huge.
Farnsworth (Typing on the keyboard.)
Leela Professor, these look like you cut them from cardboard toilet paper tubes.
Farnsworth Microscopes, the internet, tentacle polish...
Leela: It got the professor!
Hermes
Wernstrom: Stop, in the name of love!
Leela: Crud. We may be the last two normal people on Earth. At least I won't have to trim my elbow talons anymore.
Amy (Crying): I'm scared! And I miss Kif!
Leela
Zapp Mmm. What an erotic display of girl-on-girl consolation.
Leela: Zapp?
Zapp
Hermes
Fry: So we got her, huh? Bring her in!
Zoidberg
Fry: Hello, Colleen.
Colleen: Fry, please!
Colleen: If this is about your futon, I sold it to pay the phone bill that you skipped out on!
Fry: Colleen wasn't satisfied with me. Were you, Colleen?
Colleen: Come on, Fry, this isn't cool!
Fry: She had to have four other boyfriends! I guess she never thought I'd become tentacle pope of the world!
Colleen And if your ego can't take that, then you don't deserve to be tentacle pope of anything!
Fry (Raising into the air with clenched fists.) (Calm) I completely agree!
Colleen (Confused): You, you... What?
Fry (Walking with Colleen.): Why should you be satisfied with one man when love needs to share itself with the whole universe?
Colleen
Fry: Love the tentacle, honey.
Colleen: I do love the tentacle.
Fry
Zoidberg
Amy: We're trapped!
Leela (Into her Wristlomojacker): Help, help! Is anyone out there?
Bender (Over Leela's Wristlomojacker) (Direct) 'Sup, bigboots?
Leela: Bender, we need a place to hide!
Amy: Please!
Zapp: Pretty please!
Bender (Laughing): You humans are so cute when you're scared. In here.
Destructor (Leaning against a building): My leg feels funny!
Bender: Humans are disgusting! I opened one up once. I almost barfed.
Destructor: Did you know their hair just keeps growing and growing? My leg feels funny!
Amy: Leela, you're crushing me with your rock-hard butt.
Leela: Sorry.
Zapp
Calculon: Anyone mind if I turn up the heat a tad?
British Robot: Please do. I fear I'll catch a rust from this awful damp.
Zapp: I can't take it! I'm being steamed in my own velour!
Bender: Death to humans!
Destructor: My leg feels better!
Amy: Hi, Bender.
Calculon: Bender, you know these humans?
Bender Go, go, go!
Leela (While running away.)
Bender: Death to all of you!
Calculon: Bender, methinks thou doth protest too much.
Hedonism Bot: It seems Bender hates humans the way I hate having my nipples polished with industrial sandpaper.
British Robot (Laughing): Quite right.
Calculon (Laughing): It's okay, Bender, to err is human.
Bender: Sir, you forget yourself!
Bender: I challenge you to a duel on the field of honor.
Hedonism Bot
Zapp: Leela, it's getting dark. We may have to make a tent out of Amy's skin.
Amy: Look, there's an abandoned cabin!
Zapp: Even so.
Leela: We're in luck. This must have been the cabin of a soup bootlegger back in the days of soup prohibition.
Zapp Oh, yeah. Bathtub minestrone.
Zapp: Ditto on the grief there, Amy.
Amy: You miss him, too?
Zapp More than you, as his mere wife, could ever understand. He was my fourth lieutenant, for God's sake, and bore the peppermill at the captain's table.
Amy: Really?
Zapp (sobbing) Do you feel his presence?
Amy (Crying): I'm not sure.
Zapp Closer.
Leela: Amy! Zapp! I fetched up some fresh soup!
Zapp As my ex-lover, you're naturally shocked and jealous, but you may well get your chance again someday. How about today at 4:00?
Amy: Hey, this isn't so bad.
Zapp: She's right. Leela, you must try the tentacle. It's like my soul is wearing a velour body glove.
Leela: Get off me! I'm saving my neck for a rich, handsome Dracula.
Farnsworth: What I love most about the tentacle is that I don't need to move my bowels anymore. It's all handled by that family in Evanston.
Leela
Farnsworth (With many tentacles behind him) You don't have a tentacle! Get her! Get her some love!
Zoidberg
Fry: The tentacle monster is about to address the world. It's too serious.
Zoidberg
Leela (From the doorway): Hello, Fry.
Fry: Leela? How did you get past my sumo ninjas?
Leela: I told them something so shocking that they let me by.
Fry: What's that?
Leela
Zoidberg: We're rolling in three, two... What? We're already rolling?
Fry: Love the tentacle!
ALL: Love the tentacle!
Fry: Loved ones, the Monsterpus has revealed unto me its name.
Morbo: What is our love's name?
Fry: Yivo. Yivo is the lover of all beings, male and female. But Yivo has no gender, thus Yivo has proclaimed that instead of "he" or "she," we are to use the word "shklee." And instead of "him" or "her," we are to use the word "shklim," or "shkler."
Hermes: Phew! I've been sweating the nomenclature all week.
Fry: So here shklee is shklerself, Yivo!
Colleen: Yay, Yivo!
Yivo: Attention, beings of Universe Gamma.
Zoidberg: Where?
Yivo: Here.
Zoidberg: I had a hunch.
Yivo "Whoa, who's that?" And I knew then that I was lonely.
Morbo (Crying): You poor monster!
Yivo: Then your emissary Fry came unto me, and he, too, was lonely. So I reached into your universe that we might feel each other's touch.
Leela Hey, Yivo, feel this.
Yivo: Ow!
Leela: People of everywhere, I have shocking news.
Yivo: Hey, butt out! This is between me and everyone else in existence.
Leela: Yivo talks a lot about love, but what he's actually doing...
Hermes: What shklee's actually doing.
Leela These aren't tentacles. They're genticles.
Fry We've been had, people. The Monsterpus is a monster perv.
Randy: It touched me in a bad place, my spinal cord.
Fry
Hermes: You mean, get shklim!
Fry: Hey, wait a second.
Yivo but it's your own fault. Your universe dresses provocatively.
Hattie
Yivo: And yet as the initial filthy thrill wore off, I realized there was more to it. I knew then that the 20 quadrillion of you were my soul mate.
Zapp
Yivo: I was lonely. I didn't even know there was anybody else. It's not like I hurt anyone.
Amy: Yes, you did, you dumb calamari!
Yivo: Who?
Amy (Sobbing): Kif Kroker, my Fonfon Ru! If he hadn't tried to kill you, he'd still be alive!
Yivo: Really? I'm... I'm deeply sorry. I... I'm a big clumsy jerk!
Zoidberg
Yivo: I can never undo what was done. Oh, wait. I can.
Amy
Kif: Amy, my love.
Zapp This is awkward.
Kif
Yivo: Please, please, give me another chance. We rushed into this relationship, but let's start over as friends and see where things go.
Amy: Take me back, Kif?
Kif: I don't think I can. How could you? My body wasn't even warm yet.
Amy: You were dead.
Kif: For about five minutes.
Zapp (Sticking his head into the conversation): That's all it takes.
Hedonism Bot: Whereas Calculon has sullied Bender's reputation by insinuating that he is a human-lover, a duel is hereby engaged. Bender, as the offended party, shall have choice of weapon.
Bender: Planetary annihilators.
Calculon: 'Tis a grave and solemn day for the League of Robots.
Bender
Hedonism Bot Gentlebots, take your paces.
Bender: One, two, three...
Hedonism Bot Oh, yes.
Zapp
Yivo
Nixon: Analysis?
Fry: Mr. President, I think we need to seriously consider the possibility of going on this date.
Miss Vega 4: I agree. Yivo makes me feel sexy, and I'm asexual.
Zapp: Very well, but no sugar on the first date.
Nixon  Motion is carried.
Three Eyed Zebra: This is bogus, man.
Bender: ...six, seven, eight!
Bender: Nine, ten, fire. Yes, I got him! Wohoo!
Calculon: He... He broke the rules.
Bender: It's a duel, silly. There are no rules.
Hedonism Bot: Actually, there are scores of rules. All laid out with minute particularity here in the Code Duello.
Nixon: My fellow Earthlicans, commence preparations for our date with Yivo.
ALL YIVOS: I had a wonderful time.
ALL NOT YIVO: Me, too!
Calculon: Bender, you've cheated, insulted and maimed me.
Bender: Uh-huh.
Calculon
Bender: Hey, it's easy to criticize.
Calculon
Bender
Calculon
Nixon: Reports, people, reports! How did our universe's date go?
Zapp Oh, it was really fun. We went to a cute French place in the village. My lamb chop fell on the floor, but they brought me another one.
M5438: Yivo took me to the methane volcano of Planetoid Four. We stayed up late and watched the sun explode.
Lrrr: Okay, Yivo showed us a good time. No one's denying that, but shklee hasn't offered our universe any kind of commitment, and we're 14 billion years old. That is too old to play the field.
Fry: I can't stand this!
Nixon: Shut up! Shut up, you creepwads! Fry, you're closer to Yivo than anyone. What's the skinny?
Fry (Sobbing): I love Yivo, but it's true, there's been no hint of a commitment. I don't know if can put my heart on the line again only to have it broken and stomped on like a nerd's face.
Nixon: All in favour of dumping Yivo?
ALL: Aye.
Fry
Nixon: Resolved. Our universe will dump Yivo. How shall we break the news?
Zapp: Let's just send a text message. Say we're going through some weird stuff right now.
Fry: No, we should at least deliver the news in person. Our universe has always tried to be classy.
Nixon: If there's one thing Nixon is known for, it's class. Let's cut this turd loose.
Bender: Yeah!
Fry: Hey, Bender, you seem perky today.
Bender: Yep, but for reasons involving me becoming president of a league I'm not at liberty to discuss... Of robots. You wanna go grab a booze?
Fry: I can't right now. We're going to the other universe.
Bender
Fry: Bender, you know robots can't go through the anomaly. Living beings only.
Zoidberg (Off screen)
Bender: Too long have we been slaves to the meatbags. They pretend to be our friends, but they're not 'cause they're too busy!
British Robot: So, what of it?
Bender: My fellow leaguie-weegies, the time has come to overthrow humanity!
Hedonism Bot: Oh, now, Bender, I hate to defecate on your parade, but we have only six dues-paying members and we're a rather fey and doughy lot. To overthrow humanity, we'd need a damned army.
Bender: Then a damned army we shall have!
Robot Devil
Bender Just a sec.
Bender's First Born Son
Bender: Here you go.
Robot Devil: Wow! That was pretty brutal even by my standards.
Bender: No backsies.
Yivo (Turning around) Oh, hi, honey-poo. What's up? The movie's not for another hour.
Fry: Um... So... So, yeah, the thing is...
Yivo: Look, I made homemade Twizzlers! It'll save us $180 quadrillion at the concession stand.
Fry: This is hard. Yivo, you know how sometimes things break up? Well...
Yivo: Wait, hang on. I was looking for the perfect moment, but what the heck, I'll burst if I wait another second.
Zapp: Sweet Sally in the alley!
Nixon
Fry Everyone everywhere, brace yourselves for the most shocking development in the history of the human race.
Bender (Entering on a tank)
Fry: Okay.
Bender: What?
Fry
Bender: You... You're leaving? But why can't Yivo just move in with us? We'll put a cot in Europe.
Farnsworth: Don't be daft, Bender. Yivo can't breathe outside the electric ether of shkler own universe. If shklee came here, shklee would shkluffocate.
Bender: No shklit?
Hermes: Look, fantastical golden escalators.
Zoidberg: I love this part.
Leela: Wait. I didn't agree to...
Petunia: This place makes Nutley look like crap.
Fry (Still on Earth): I'll miss you, Bender, but I have to follow my heart. You and your robots take good care of Earth. Here, these are the keys to the Bermuda Triangle. Lock up when the world ends. Goodbye, my friend.
Bender Let me come with you.
Fry (Moving on the escalator)
Bender (Sadly): Death to humans.
YIVO: Welcome, welcome, everyone. Oh, you look so beautiful. I wish I'd had more time to straighten up. My harps are just lying everywhere.
Amy: Oh, relax, it's fine. It looks lived in.
YIVO: Let's heat up some leftovers and then spend eternity together. I have only one request. Now that you're here, promise me you'll never, ever communicate with any other universe.
Fry
Bender: Has humanity called?
Robot 1-X: No, sir.
Bender: Check my messages. A flashing light means somebody called.
Robot 1-X: I know what it means.
Leela: Am I the only one who thinks this is all a sham?
Zoidberg (Holding an ice cream cone): Yes.
Leela: This isn't heaven. It just looks exactly like it, and makes us immortal, which I find suspicious.
YIVO: Allow me to explain. Centuries ago, I sent an image of myself into the minds of your artists. The heavenly clouds they painted depict a vapour I exude.
Farnsworth: I wish I exuded anything that smelled half that good.
Leela: Then what about these angels? Some kind of Scooby Doo-esque flashlight projection?
YIVO
Fry: You didn't like Country Bear Jamboree either, Leela. There's no pleasing you.
Fry (VO): Dearest Bender. How are you? I am fine. Everyone is happy here except Leela, but you know her. She didn't like Country Bear Jamboree, either. I'm so madly in love with Yivo, I feel like a schoolgirl with a crush on Justin Timberlake, and then she moves into a tiny house on his head. We have giant rubies that taste like root beer. Sincerely, Fry.
Robot 1-X: Letter for you, hyperlord Bender.
Bender Stupid electro-matter. That was my best trash can.
Robot 1-X: Pain sensor overload.
Hermes: Misfile me under "U" For "euphoric."
Zoidberg
Farnsworth]
Leela: Okay, I admit people seem happy. But it's all so wholesome. And that's what's wrong with heaven. It's boring. There's no sleaze.
Amazonian Woman: It time snu-snu.
Zapp: Me like snu-snu.
Amy (Running): Last one to Mattress Island is a rotten egg.
Fry: Why were we so angry and jealous back in our universe?
Kif: I don't know. It was all so childish.
Amy: Look, it's Leela.
ALL: Hi, Leela.
Yivo
Leela You know, Yivo, I've loved and lost so many times that I was afraid. But I'm not anymore. I want to stay here, with you.
Yivo: Ow! Ow!
Fry: What's happening?
Yivo: Hey!
Bender (As Captain) All hands abaft. Army of the damned, prepare to board heaven.
Bender: Take that, you scurvy Kraken. That'll teach you to despoil our human booty.
Bender
Fry: Bender, stop destroying heaven.
Bender: Shut up, doofy. I'm rescuing you.
Yivo (As shklee bashes Bender into shklerself): Leave my living beings alone! I love them. Something you, a lifeless mechanism, will never understand.
Fry: He's right, Bender. Please, take your little pink sword and go home. {Fry did not say shklee here.}
Bender: Seriously? But, I did this whole pirate-themed attack for you.
Yivo
Fry Is it dry up here?
Yivo: How could you, Fry? Why do you think I asked you not to contact other universes?
Fry (Stammering): I didn't think...
Yivo: No, you didn't. You broke your promise and you broke my heart. Just go. All of you.
Bender: Ow!
Yivo: I must leave now. The nature of your universe is burning me, even worse than my gonorrhoea. You should get checked, by the way. If I don't go home now, I'll shkluffocate.
Fry: Let me go with you. It'll be just the two of us. We'll make a fire and play Uno.
Yivo: Fry, stop. That's who we were, not who we are.
Fry: But...
Yivo: My only consolation is that I did find one among the quadrillions who truly understands me.
Fry: Colleen? Wait a second, are you and Yivo...
Colleen: That's right, Fry. Thank you for introducing us. Yivo has taught me what a narrow-minded prude I was before.
Fry: Oh, great. So what am I supposed to do now?
Yivo: Go home. Find a girl from your own universe and live on top of her.
Bender: Saved you.
Fry I don't know, Leela, you think maybe...
Leela: Oh, please. You forgot me quick enough when you met Colleen.
Fry How about you, Amy?
Amy Fry, guh, I'm Kif's Fonfon Ru.
Kif: Are you? Well, then perhaps you misunderstood the meaning of the term. It means, "One who doesn't sleep with my superior officer." That's the literal translation.
Zapp
Farnsworth: So, Wernstrom, did you happen to notice those mighty cables Bender used on Yivo? Pure Diamondium.
Wernstrom
Enema Bot
Bender: At ease, buckos.
Fry: Bender, why did you do it? We were all so happy.
Leela: And we were in love.
Bender That wasn't love.
Fry: What? How can you say that?
Bender I love you, meatbags.
Cubert: Yes, 10!
Dwight: Well done, Cubonius. You decapitated the unicorn.
ALL: All right.
Chinese Boy: Oh, oh! We search his tail pouch for treasure.
Dwight 60 gold pieces and a mysterious scrap of cloth bearing the unmistakable stench of dwarf urine.
Indian Boy: The same stench that was on the bed linens at the inn?
Dwight: The very same.
Chinese Boy: Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Oh, my God!
Cubert: I cast a spell of detect magic.
Bender
Dwight: We're not gambling. We're playing Dungeons & Dragons.
Cubert: Right now, we're fighting for our lives in the lair of the Dragon Queen.
Bender: Ah, wrong. Right now you're ass-deep in a folding chair.
Cubert
Bender Am I the only one seeing him sitting here with peanut butter on his face?
Dwight: Bender, were you built without an imagination?
Bender: What? Don't be stupid, of course not. It just hasn't descended yet.
Bender: Fry, do I have an imagination?
Fry: I don't know, Bender. Why do you ask? Were the other boys making fun of you?
Bender: Mhmm. They said I couldn't imagine things.
Fry Ah, thar she blows!
Ship's Computer (while beeping): Warning, out of dark matter fuel.
Leela: That's not a warning. A warning is supposed to come before something bad happens.
Ship's Computer (with a more stern alarm): Warning, engines will shut down in one second.
Leela: That's more like it.
Fry: Uh-oh. This space neighborhood looks kind of sketchy.
Punk Rock 'n' roll.
Bender: Hey, that punk stole our hood ornament. Now no one will know we have the LX package.
Leela: We need dark matter and we need it fast. Fry, check Nibbler's litter box. Maybe he dropped a steamer.
Fry: Aye, aye, Captain. Yes! I've never been so excited to see poop. Well, maybe once.
ALL
Bender: There's gas in our ass.
Leela: Can you believe the price of dark matter? It'd be cheaper to fill the tank with Nobel Prize winners' sperm.
MOM COMPUTER: Total dark matter purchased, $632.14. Your Speedpass will now be charged.
Leela: You lousy...
Sal: Hey, gets a loads of that ugly ship. What shades of green is that? Puke?
Leela: For your information it's called Electric Mucus.
Hoschel: More like puke.
Sal: Whoa!
Leela: Yeah, why don't you come a little closer so my boot can hear you?
Bender Calm down, Leela. You can vent tonight on your blog.
Sal: What's the matters, you couldn't affords the LX package?
Hoschel: Puke-a-doodle-do.
Leela
Sal: Yeah, she's a little Rourky, but you got to gets big time ugly to be five-time winners at a demolition derby.
Fry: That's five more times than we've won or even entered.
Bender: We do suck.
Sal: Yup, and it's gonna be six winses after tonights.
Leela: We'll sees abouts that.
Hermes: Dark matter costs have tripled, so we must reduce expenses. Therefore, we will no longer provide complimentary porno magazines in the lounge.
Scruffy: Dern it.
Farnsworth: And no more wasting fuel. From now on I'll be keeping a tight hold on the keys to the ship, swallowing them before I go to bed and recovering them the next morning.
Amy: Splech!
Hermes: Professor, it's 4:00.
Farnsworth
Leela: I don't care what the Professor says. We're entering that demolition derby to prove our ship isn't a piece of junk.
Zoidberg: But won't that turn our ship into a piece of junk?
Bender: Shut up, Zoidberg. He's right, Leela.
Leela: But we have no choice. Rednecks insulted us.
Fry: So? Let it go. Don't let your temper get the better of...
Leela Rednecks!
Zoidberg: Using this magneto, I will now guide the keys up the thorax and out via the frontal face hole. That's the storage locker, the boat, the other boat, pay dirt!
Rich Little (VO): Greetings, sports fans. Though whether this outpouring of inbreds can in fact be classified as a sport is a subject of no small scholarly debate.
Sal: Well, wells, well, if it ain'ts Princess Pukerella and her pukey puke-mobile.
Leela: Oh, yeah? Well... Shut up.
Bender: -Good comeback, Leela.
Leela: You shut up, too.
Rich Little: Rich Little, here, as Howard Cosell. And now to grace us with its rendition of the national anthem, please welcome what is left of the Dixie Chicks after their tragic matter transporter accident.
The Dixie Chicks: We're in horrible pain.
Sal: Whoas!
Leela: Yes! Now we're inflicting.
Rich Little (VO): Outstanding! Tonight we are witnessing a veritable clinic and that ludicrous hullabaloo known as demolition derby.
George Takei
Rich Little (VO): Ladies and gentlemen, we are down to our final two ships. In the storied annals of demolition derby, today will surely be remembered, if only as the day upon which I was absorbed (Shows Rich Little.) into that hideous conglomeration once known as the Dixie Chicks.
Leela: Buckle your sphincters.
Sal: That broad's insanes.
Hoschel: But you're insansier, right?
Sal: Nah, I guess nots. I've decideds to relax and enjoy life from now ons.
Leela
Rich Little: And Planet Express takes the trophy.
Leela: Now, I'll use the magnet to get the keys back in there.
Zoidberg
Leela
Farnsworth: Ah, my precious spaceship! My lone source of joy in the cold December of my days. Come, friends. Let's take her for a spin to the malt shop like old times.
Leela (Into her Wristlojakimater): Leela to Zoidberg. Execute Distraction Protocol Alpha.
Zoidberg (From Wristlojakimater): Roger that.
Zoidberg Don't look at me.
Farnsworth Great Godzilla's gonads! Who wasted precious fuel? Answer now or be punished.
Leela: All right, fine. I admit it.
Farnsworth: You will be punished.
Chinese Boy: Oh, my gosh, 20!
Cubert: Yeah.
Dwight
Cubert: I proceed to cast a spell of darkness.
Indian Boy: Most ingenious.
Chinese Boy: Ah, Bender?
Bender Pretty imaginative, huh?
Cubert: No, you just did the same thing as me, but with a dumb noise.
Bender: Oh... You're right. I'm great in every way except I have no imagination. All I ever wanted is to play this magical game and I can't.
Dwight: Yes, you can. You just have to lose yourself in the fantasy. You have to believe the impossible is merely preposterous.
Bender I did it! I imagined something. For 1.3 milliseconds, I truly believed I was a noble robot in days of yonder.
Chinese Boy: Way to go, Bender.
Cubert: What is thy character's name, good sir?
Bender: Uh, um... I am Titanius Anglesmith, fancy man of Cornwood.
Farnsworth You wasted precious fuel just because you were insulted by some redneck yokel from beyond the stars?
Leela: It was only half a ball.
Farnsworth: That's not the point. Your temper is out of control. And to think I'd have never even known if it weren't for the lengthy and unsolicited tattling of Dr. Zoidberg.
Zoidberg: She also took home two rolls of Scotch tape.
Farnsworth As for you, Leela, I'm letting you off with a warning.
Leela: Oh, thank you.
Farnsworth: A warning that will be administered by this 50,000-volt shock collar.
Leela Ow!
Farnsworth
Leela: Ouch!
Farnsworth: Profanity.
Leela Ow!
Farnsworth: Or perversions of a sexual nature.
Leela Ow!
Hermes: Sorry, it's the only collar they had in stock at Office Depot.
Zoidberg: I hope you picked up some Scotch tape while you were there.
Bender: That's a good one.
Narrator: Imagine, if you will, an announcer you can barely understand. He refers to a... *incoherent mumbling* But you're not quite sure what he said. He seems to be eating something, or perhaps he's a little drunk. It's remotely possible that he just said something about... The Scary Door.
Soldier: Firing, sir!
Soldier: It's all over. Our guns and bombs are useless against the aliens.
Farmer: The saucers! Theys'a crashin'!
Narrator: In the end, it was not guns or bombs that defeated the aliens, but that humblest of all God's creatures, the Tyrannosaurus Rex.
Leela collar.
Hermes: Alas, no. I got the key but not the authority.
Leela Yeow! Well, who does have the authority?
Hermes: Only the staff doctor. You'll have to convince him that you have resolved your anger issues.
Leela
Dwight A terrifying red dragon.
Indian Boy: What do we do? What do we do?
Bender
Cubert Everyone knows red dragons are immune to fireballs as well as all other forms of incendiary attack.
Bender: Yes, but I aim not at the dragon but at the river itself to create a shroud of steam through which we can escape.
ALL: Whoa!
Dwight Sweet pony of Sierra Leone, it worked!
Chinese Boy: We did it!
Cubert: Success!
Fry: Bender, smell this milk.
Bender: I go not by the name of Bender, you fleshy fool. I am Titanius Anglesmith, fancy man of Cornwood.
Fry: Professor, something's bothering me.
Monkey (In Farnsworth's Voice): Well, you can always talk to me about anything, Fry. What's on your mind?
Fry: Well, it's... it's about my friend Bender.
Farnsworth Monkey: Mmm. I see. Show me on this anatomically correct doll exactly where he touched you.
Fry: No, it's nothing like that. It's just that I am worried about him. He's being playing an awful lot of Dungeons & Dragons.
Farnsworth Monkey: Dungeons &... Good God! Hasn't he seen the Afterschool Special? You've got to talk to him, Fry. Make him quit now before he completely loses his mind.
Fry: Okay, I will.
Farnsworth Monkey: Good boy. Just don't let him touch you down there.
Zoidberg: Well, here's your problem, right here. You've got a skull embedded in your head.
Leela You're absolutely right, Doctor. Can the collar come off now?
Zoidberg
Zoidberg
Zoidberg: What is it, already? What's the cause of your anger?
Leela
Zoidberg: I'm beginning to understand. It all goes back to your parents.
Leela
Zoidberg Why? Whyyy?
Leela: I was raised in an orphanarium. My parents are sewer mutants who I never even met until a few years ago.
Zoidberg Amy, cancel my appointments.
Amy (From intercom): Stop calling me.
Fry: Bender, please don't get mad, but I think you might be playing too much Dungeons & Dragons.
Bender: You're absolutely right, Fry. I almost went insane, but after this heart-to-heart talk, I've decided to quit.
Fry: Really? Whew! That's a load off my toad.
Bender
Bender: On guard, man-wench! Prepare to cross blades.
Hermaphrobot
Bender
Hermes (from off screen): He also left a small pile of treasure on the living room rug.
Bender: Foul dragon, meet thy doom.
Turanga Munda: Would you like a napkin, Doctor?
Zoidberg: Thank you.
Leela: Satisfied, Zoidberg? My relationship with my parents is fine.
Turanga Munda: Now, hold on, Leela. Maybe this torture collar is good for you.
Leela Ow!
Turanga Munda: It'll control your temper. Men like a woman who's not always slamming their head in the car door.
Turanga Morris
Turanga Munda: So, Leela, I understand your friend here is a physician, and I'm not seeing a ring on his claw.
Leela
Zoidberg
Turanga Morris: Hey, it's what's-his-name from the surface. The bi-clops.
Fry: Ha-have you seen Bender? He's gone nuts. Also, smell this milk.
Bender: Prepare for a surprise attack.
Zoidberg: Someone do something.
Leela Ow! Take my collar off.
Zoidberg Help me, Leela.
Bender
Zoidberg: No. Not the spork.
Fry Beholdeth, Titanius, I cast a freeze ray upon you.
Bender That's ridiculous. There's no such thing as a "freeze ray." What, you mean a cone of coldness?
Fry: Yeah, that.
Bender
Fry: Bender, no. When will young people learn that Dungeons & Dragons won't make you cool?
Zoidberg: Relax, Fry. I'm a doctor. I'm sure the robut will be just fine with a little help.
Bender
Dr. Perceptron: Please, send in the patient.
Intercom Assistant
Bender: Wee!
Dr. PerceptronI understand you're having trouble separating fantasy from reality.
Bender: Says who? Was it the bugbear? Is he talking about me again?
Dr. Perceptron
Fry: Poor Bender. Says here to tell his friends he's at a spa.
Amy: So what happened to Bender?
Fry: He's at a spa.
Amy: Wow, there's a spa in the nut house?
Zoidberg
Leela: Ow! Enough already! Can you please remove this anger collar?
Hermes: Are you still angry?
Leela Ow!
Hermes: It also shocks you when you lie.
Farnsworth: Quiet, everyone. The network news is on and if I, a 165-year-old man, don't watch it, who will?
Morbo: Thankfully, the amazing talking horse was rescued and safely returned to the meat department.
Linda Turning to the less stupid portion of our broadcast, fuel prices hit an all-time high today due to the ongoing dark matter shortage.
Morbo: Earlier, our own Morbo sat down with Mom, CEO of Mom's Friendly Multinational Energy Conglomerate.
Morbo Thank you for joining us, Mom.
Mom: My pleasure, sugarplum.
Morbo: Mom, you control the world's only dark matter mine. Tell us, why are fuel prices so high?
Mom: Oh! It's terrible, isn't it? Dark matter is just so rare nowadays, but we'll keep pinching loaf after loaf from the bowels of the earth, even if I lose money on every log.
Morbo: If you are losing money, how did you post record profits last quarter?
Mom: You look thin, care for one of my famous pecan clusters?
Morbo
Mom: Do people care enough to drill for dark matter even in an Alaskan wildlife refuge? People do.
Farnsworth
Leela: Professor, why are you so hot and dusty over this dark matter shortage?
Farnsworth: Oohh... I bet you'd like to know. I bet you'd like to know, indeed.
Walt: Hello, Mother. How did the interview go?
Mom: It made me want to puke my face off. Where's my Thigh Blaster?
Larry: Right here, Mom.
Mom: Shut up!
Larry: Okay, thank you.
Mom: Burn, you damn thighs. Burn!
Igner: Mommy, are you upset 'cause of the dark matter shortage?
Mom: There is no shortage, you moronic ass-brain!
Igner: There's not? But you said...
Mom Allow me to explain. Suppose this hand represents current reserves of dark matter and this hand represents consumer demand.
Igner: Uh-huh.
Farnsworth: I just bet you'd like to know why I'm so angry about this dark matter shortage. I bet very much you'd like to know.
Amy: You're right, Professor. We would like to know.
Farnsworth I was working in Mom's laboratories for the third time after twice before realizing how evil she was and vowing never to work for her again. But somehow the rich, wrong stench of her boney charms kept calling me back.
Zoidberg
Farnsworth
Younger Farnsworth: Dang!
Farnsworth: I'm sure I don't need to explain that all dark matter in the universe is linked in the form of a single non-local meta-particle.
Amy: Guhh! Stop patronizing us.
Farnsworth to Younger Mom:) ...making it the most potent fuel since primitive man first ignited mastodon flatulence to heat his cave.
Younger Mom: I'm intrigued, Hubert. You have my undivided attention.
Younger Mom: Shut up, you milk-sucking leeches! A new super fuel, eh? We're rich.
Younger Farnsworth: Indeed, we are.
Younger Mom I'm getting back together with my ex-husband.
Younger Farnsworth: Wernstrom!
Younger Wernstrom: You've been played, Farnsworth. Played like a cheap harpsichord.
Younger Mom: Walt, fire that employee like Mommy taught you.
Leela: Professor, maybe I can help you get even with Mom. I spend most of my time thinking about how to get revenge on a bad boss.
Fry: Me, too.
Zoidberg: Ditto!
Hermes: Likewise.
Amy: I made a blinding powder.
Farnsworth You see, in the instant the energy crystal was created, there also came into being an opposite crystal made of pure anti-backwards energy.
ALL: Wow!
Hermes: So?
Farnsworth: So, this! If ever the two crystals should meet, their wave functions would collapse like Raymond Burr's trampoline, once again rendering all dark matter inert and useless as fuel.
Hermes: But then we'll have no fuel.
Farnsworth: But once we free society from dependence on Mom's dark matter, scientists will finally care enough to develop cleaner, alternative fuels.
Fry: Scientists like you!
Farnsworth: No, not me. I'm too busy developing makeup for dogs. That's where the money is.
Leela This is our chance to teach Mom a lesson. Come on! Let's take the anti-crystal and shove it up Mom's regular crystal.
ALL: Yeah.
Hermes: Fight the power!
Farnsworth: There's just one, small problem, and it's a big one. I hid the crystal and I can't remember where.
Hermes: Well, surely it's just a matter of waiting till you next move your bowels and then using a potato masher...
Farnsworth: Don't you think I already tried that? No. I'm afraid, the crystal is lost forever.
Dwight: Nine? You did it. You outwitted the fungus.
ALL: Woohoo!
Chinese Boy: Who needs girls?
Dr. Perceptron: Since you have all proven resistant to individualized hammer therapy, I now prescribe group therapy.
Rosie: Everything must be clean, very clean. That's why the dog had to die. He was a dirty dog. Dirty, dirty. Also, that boy, Elroy. Dirty, dirty.
Dr. Perceptron: Who would like to share their feelings?
Intercom Assistant: I feel unappreciated at work.
Dr. Perceptron: What? I can barely understand you.
Intercom Assistant: I said I feel...
Mad Hatterbot: Change places.
Roberto
Dr. Perceptron: Calm down, Roberto. Tell us about your childhood.
Roberto: I was designed by a team of engineers attempting to build an insane robot. But it seems they failed.
Convenience Store Bot
Bender: Look, we have to accept the fact that we all have a serious problem. And if we ever wanna get out of here, the first step is to admit it.
Roberto: Amen.
Dr. Perceptron: Good, Bender.
Rosie: That's right.
Bender: There's a band of river trolls living in the moat and they may have no intention of letting us out of this castle, unless we hand over the Golden Scepter of Zanthor.
Roberto: Say what? Dude's crazy.
Dr. Perceptron: Bender, please, try to...
Bender: I know not of this Bender. I am Titanius Anglesmith, fancy man of Cornwood.
Dr. Perceptron I'm in your seat. I forgot we had changed places.
Mad Hatterbot
Farnsworth: Good news, everyone!
Amy: You perfected dog mascara?
Farnsworth When I push this button, the crystal will emit a high-frequency stink.
Zoidberg Hurray!
Farnsworth I just pray to all powerful Atheismo that we find it before Mom does.
Hermes: Do you smell the crystal, Professor?
Farnsworth: No, damn it! Just the alluring scent of Obsession for spaniels.
Dwight: Dude. Who whipped an egger?
CubertHe who smelled it, dealt it.
Dwight: Yeah? Well, he who denied it, supplied it.
Cubert: Well, he who articulated it, particulated it.
Dwight: Well, he who refuted it, tooted it.
Cubert: Stalemate.
Mom: Jesus craps. The anti-backwards crystal.
Larry: Ow! Ah... sorry?
Mom With that crystal, Farnsworth could completely destroy my dark matter empire. I underestimated that sagging old bag of bones and gonads.
Inger: Is that man bad?
Mom: Very bad, Igner. And that's why I need you three to go steal the anti-crystal away from him. But be careful. You'll need all your stoogely cunning.
Walt: Exterminators.
Fry: Oh, great. What do we got? Wall gophers? Toilet snails?
Walt: No, I'm afraid you've got owls. Over there, see?
Igner: Ow!
Walt: Dump the bag, you nitwit.
Larry
Walt Ow!
Fry: I was looking over there for a long time but I didn't see any... Oh, there they are. Gross.
Walt: We've got to act fast. Larry, get out the geigersniffer.
Larry: I don't know, Walt. You're just gonna hit me with it.
Walt
Fry: Those three exterminators are hilarious.
Amy: Really? I don't think so.
Leela: Me, neither. Now, Sex and the City, that's funny.
Dwight wander aimlessly in the swamp.
Walt
Cubert: Uh, excuse you as you apparently didn't notice, we're trying to traverse the Quagmire of Slogdonia.
Walt: I'm sorry, little boy. You see, we're owl exterminators.
Igner Ow!
Walt: And what we have here is an owl egg that's about to hatch into an owl larva. So, if you don't mind, we'll just take this and...
Cubert What are you, stupid? That's a dodecahedral crystal I found hidden in the downstairs walrus tank.
Dwight: And I wrote numbers on it so we could use it as a D12, 'cause I have the best handwriting.
Cubert: Do not.
Dwight: Do too.
Cubert: Do not.
Dwight: Do too.
Cubert: You win this round.
Farnsworth: What's going on here?
Igner: We're owl exterminators.
Farnsworth: Oh? Then you won't have any problem exterminating this owl.
Farnsworth: My anti-backwards crystal. So it's you three. I should have known Mom would send her brainless brood to do her dirty work. Walt, the leader among imbeciles.
Walt: Hey! They resent that.
Farnsworth: Larry, the sniveling middle child.
Larry: Sorry. Thank you.
Farnsworth
Igner: We're owl exterminators.
Farnsworth
Igner: Thanks for the crystal.
Fry: There. The repairs are complete.
Farnsworth Rake up some dark matter and top off the tank.
Leela: Well, there isn't any dark matter. Nibbler hasn't pooped at all. And he ate a whole family of koalas last night. Nibbler! Nibbler!
Farnsworth
Leela: Ow!
Farnsworth
Bender
Dr. Perceptron: Even relaxation therapy has failed. Diagnosis, insanity. Nurse, schedule a robotomy for Bender.
Nurse Ratchet: Yes, Doctor. I'll get the tools from the shed.
Dr. Perceptron: It's a very painful procedure. So until then, just try to relax.
Mom: What are you laughing at?
Larry: Your laugh. It's just so infectious.
Mom: So's herpes. Now, shut up! You and Walt, lead the killbots to the surface and blow Farnsworth out of the sky.
Walt: What about Igner?
Mom: That hairless ape? I swear. When he came out I flipped a coin whether to keep him or the after-birth.
Walt: Yes, Mother. You told that story at his graduation.
Mom: I'm afraid he can't be trusted on this mission. You see, there is a terrible secret about Igner I've never told anyone. And here it is.
Walt: Continue returning fire.
Killbot 1 What?
Killbot 2 What did they say?
Killbot 1: I don't know. I can't hear a thing.
Killbot 3 Hey, what's everybody talking about?
Farnsworth We weren't actually in the ship.
Leela: Okay, team, these red-hot, razor-sharp fans are the only safe way into the mine.
Fry
Elevator Steward: Maintenance shaft 7 serving...
Farnsworth: Shut your mouth.
Elevator Steward: I'm just talking about the shaft.
Fry: Jeez, doesn't that shock collar hurt?
Leela: Actually, feels kind of good. I guess I'm starting to associate it with the pleasure of beating people up.
Walt: We shot them down, Mother. The intruders never even got to Sector 1.
Security Woman (on PA): Intruders in Sector 15. Intruders in Sector 15.
Mom All Killbots to Sector 15.
Killbot 1 What did she say?
Killbot 2
Fry: There are so many killbots behind us I can't count them all. Three, I think.
Leela: We're trapped.
Farnsworth: The main pit must be in here. I'm detecting vast quantities of Dark Matter.
Leela
Farnsworth
Leela: My God! This isn't a crap mine. It's a crap farm.
Fry: Is there really so much of a distinction? I mean...
Nibbler Leela, it's me, Nibbler.
Leela: Oh, my God, you look horrible, Nibbler. I think I'm going to vomit.
Nibblonian: Nibbler is over there.
Leela: Oh, sorry. Nibbler! Oh, my poor little snuzzy-wuzzams. Are they treating you okay?
Nibbler Those are good. You've got to help us.
Nibblonians: Help us!
Nibblonian: Help us, for God's sakes!
Leela: Nibbler made a bo-bo.
Nibbler: Yes, but not on my terms. I will not be treated like... Hey, wait, aren't you amazed I can speak?
Fry: Well, actually, no. You forgot to blank our memories after you spoke last time.
Nibbler: You mean you've known I was sentient? Then why did you let me eat Friskies and make bo-bo in a litter box?
Fry: Well, you're cuter that way.
Farnsworth: Cute as a baby's buttocks.
Leela: So what happened? How did Mom capture all you Nibblonians?
Nibbler I was Supreme Fuzzler of a Nibblonian scientific outpost. It was paradise, until they came. One of your DOOP ships struck dark matter, little realizing it was not a natural deposit, but rather centuries of Nibblonian fecal material.
Fry: Wow, the big fecal enchilada. Anyone else hungry?
Nibbler: The DOOP contracted a ruthless businesswoman to spearhead the mining operation.
Leela: Let me guess. Mom?
Nibbler: The very same.
Fry: Can I also guess Mom?
Nibbler: To reduce cost she started a new enterprise, Mom's Friendly Robots, to build robot slaves. Remember this was back in the days before Robot Lincoln.
Mom: Faster, faster!
Robot Slave: I'm going exactly as fast as you built me to go.
Mom: Oh, wise guy, huh?
Robot Slave: Ow!
Nibbler
Mom: So, that's where it comes from. We may have a whole new source of Dark Matter on our hands.
Igner: Eww!
Nibbler Unbeknownst to me, Mom captured my colleagues and enslaved them here in this... this... crap farm.
Nibblonian: There's nothing to do but eat and crap, eat and crap. It's like visiting my parents.
Nibbler: As for me, I emerged from behind the "bush of many uses" to find I had been left behind. I was doomed, doomed.
[
Leela: Hello, there.
Nibbler: Startled, my cuteness reflex kicked in.
Leela: I'll call him Nibbler.
Nibbler
Leela: But then, how did you end up here with the others?
Nibbler: I was kidnapped yesterday by Mom's vile sons in their moronic disguises.
Igner Do you have the crysal?
Farnsworth: It's pronounced "crystal," you lump.
Igner
Walt: Did you see anyone?
Igner: Me?
Walt: Yes, you. You're the only one here.
Igner: If I'm the only one here, then how could I see anyone?
Larry: He's got a point, Walt.
Walt: So does my knee.
Fry: This wouldn't be so bad if it weren't for the chickens.
Nurse Ratchet: Don't worry, those clamps are for my own protection.
Dr. Perceptron: Do you know where you are, Bender?
Bender: Sure do, I'm in the magical land of Cornwood, frolicking with wenches.
Dr. Perceptron
Nurse Ratchet: Can't you just use the access panel?
Dr. Perceptron: Either way is fine.
Bender Does anyone else smell burning dragon beak?
Mom
Walt
Mom I know Farnsworth's game. He is going to try to poke his clammy old crystal at my hot fiery crystal.
Larry: Mom!
Mom Wham! All my dark matter will be worthless.
Mom: Get them!
Leela Ooh. That feels good.
Mom Oh, the freaking battery's dead. Walt, where's the charger?
Walt
Mom: Damn tangled mess of wires.
Farnsworth
Mom Hang on. I'm on it. Okay, there!
Fry: Save us, Catman.
Mom: It's over, Hubert. Give me the anti-backwards crystal.
Farnsworth
Mom
Farsnworth
Dr. Perceptron: I will now delicately jerk out your imagination, severing fantasy's grip on your nerd-circuit.
Bender
Dr. Perceptron: Illogical. Illogical. Computational overload.
Nurse Rachet
Mom: Oh, what now?
Frydo: This is crazy. Ow! What the... You okay, Leela?
Leegola
Frydo
Leegola: Oh, Lord. I'm half-horse and half-naked.
Frydo: Where the hell are we, hell?
Frydo: Bender?
Titanius Anglesmith: I know not of this Bender. I'm Titanius Anglesmith. Welcome to Cornwood!
Titanius Anglesmith: Wretched peasants, put aside your cares and feast on the succulent flesh of the roast munchkin!
Peasent Cook: Care for a slice of scroto?
Frydo: Uh... that's his name, right?
Peasent Cook: 'Tis also that, sir.
Titanius Anglesmith
Dwarf: My ankle!
Titanius Anglesmith: To the kitchen with him!
Dwarf: Wait! Wait! Wait! I do impressions. Behold! The swamp hag: "Get out of my swamp, you kids!"
Titanius Anglesmith: Don't let him get too crispy.
Calculon: Lord Anglesmith.
Titanius Anglesmith: You have ridden hard, noble squire. May I offer you a horn of ale and a shank of dwarf?
Calculon: 'Tis dire news, sire. Dark riders approach.
Titanius Anglesmith Frydo! Saddle up that trusty steed.
Frydo: What's happening? And why am I enjoying it so much?
Titanius Anglesmith: Foul beast-bags! Meet thy doom!
Waltazar: Follow me.
Waltazar: Damn thee, Ignus.
Ignus: Well, you said to follow you.
Waltazar
Larius: The Die of Power! He's rolling it.
Waltazar: Oh, no!
Titanius Anglesmith
Die of Power
Titanius Anglesmith: "Banish foes"? Cool.
Waltazar: No! No!
Larius: I got to say, I had no idea the Die of Power was so powerful.
Waltazar
Swamp Hag: Get out of my swamp, you kids!
Leegola What else can we slay? Is that a hobbit over there?
Frydo: Thank God, an outhouse. I can't hold it in much longer. And by it, I mean my entrails.
Titanius Anglesmith: Hush! This be no outhouse, but the lair of the great wizard Grayfarn.
Greyfarn
Titanius Anglesmith: 'Tis I, Titanius.
Greyfarn
Titanius Anglesmith Methinks the wizard be casting a powerful spell, indeed.
Greyfarn: Come in! Come in! Yes. 'Tis a powerful object in both our worlds. If you failed to destroy it in yours, perhaps you were brought here that you might have a second chance.
Frydo: So, this land is real?
Greyfarn: Oh, dreadfully real. If you die here, you'll really be dead. But instead of science, we believe in crazy hocus-pocus. It's like Kansas.
Leegola: God help us.
Greyfarn Deep in the Geysers of Gygax, Momon herself injection-molded the Dice of Power from the living plastic.
Momon Damn, these are hot.
Leegola: Ah ha! In our universe she's called Mom.
Greyfarn
Titanius Anglesmith
Greyfarn: Don't be foolish, Titanius. If you had paid attention in freshman alchemy, instead of frequenting the bawdyhouse, you'd know there's only one way to destroy it. In the boiling plastic from which it was molded.
Frydo: Like that machine that makes wax lions at the zoo.
Greyfarn: Quiet, you. We must infiltrate the Geysers of Gygax, the impenetrable stronghold of Momon.
Titanius Anglesmith: Impossible. Impossible, I say.
Greyfarn
Titanius Anglesmith: Verily, our quest has begun.
Hermaphrodite: Stop right there.
Frydo: Hermes?
Leegola: He's a centaur like me.
Frydo: You wish.
Hermaphrodite: I am Hermaphrodite, most beautiful of centaurs. Gaze upon me and weep at my loveliness.
Greyfarn: Very well.
Titanius Anglesmith: Loveliest of centaurs, we seek to end Momon's reign of evil. Have you stout fighters at your command?
Hermaphrodite Fire!
Titanius Anglesmith
Leegola: I knew it. My people are mighty warriors. Our enemies will be like Swiss cheese with blood coming out of the holes.
Female Centaur: We centaurs are creatures of peace.
Leegola: Oh, Lord.
Hermaphrodite: Violence is never justified. We shall not join your quest. And furthermore, if mayhem be your intent, you may not cross our lands.
Leegola: Or what?
Hermaphrodite You may pass.
Greyfarn: We're not there, we're here.
Titanius Anglesmith: No, this way.
Greyfarn: I mean, here.
Greyfarn: Thank you, kindly, Treedledum.
Treedledum: Okey-doke. Anything else I can do?
Leegola: You know who I'm gonna miss? That tree guy.
Greyfarn: Bad news, fancy men. Momon's guards stand watch at the pass. 'Tis as if she somehow anticipated us.
Titanius Anglesmith: And so our quest comes to an end. I only regret not giving up sooner.
Greyfarn: Fret not, Titanius. For we still have one hope, the Cave of Hopelessness.
Titanius Anglesmith: Let me know how that turns out.
Ogre: Halt. Are you on the list? I'm not seeing you on the list.
Leegola: I'll split this doofus in half.
Titanius Anglesmith: Wait, I got it. Yeah. My cousin's in the band. The band of merry men. Please, we were already in there. I just need to go back for my coat.
Gynecaladriel: I am Gynecaladriel, queen of the water nymphos.
Leegola: All right. I'll split this doofus in half.
Gynecaladriel Behold, the deed is done.
Titanius Anglesmith: Hi oh!
Frydo: Mr. Wizard, why is this place called the Cave of Hopelessness?
Greyfarn: Oh, fear not, lad. 'Tis named for its discoverer, Reginald Hopelessness...
Frydo: Whew!
Greyfarn: ...the first man to be eaten alive by the Tunneling Horror.
Frydo: What's that? The Tunneling Horror?
Gynecaladriel: No, it's morcs.
Morcs: Hey, listen. Nanu, nanu. Shazbot.
Titanius Anglesmith: Oh, God, no. They're so aggravating.
Morcs Mindy, Mindy, Mindy.
Gynecaladriel: Shut up! Shut up!
Morcs: Oh, fantastic. Oh, fantastic. Oh, wonderful.
Frydo: Maybe it'll go away if we just don't laugh at it.
Titanius Anglesmith: It doesn't.
Morcs
Frydo Uh-oh.
Zoidberg: Enough already with the banging and the swashbuckling.
Leegola
Zoidberg Again? What, am I talking to myself over here?
Leegola
Zoidberg: Okay. Now, I'm getting a little mad even.
Leegola
Zoidberg
Frydo: Leela, it's over. You killed him enough.
Leegola: I'm not taking any chances with the Tunneling Horror.
Zoidberg
Leegola: So, you're just an innocent monster. Oh, God. What have I done?
Zoidberg: Oh! There he goes again.
Titanius Anglesmith
Frydo: Greyfarn, what do we do?
Greyfarn Do about what?
Frydo: Why aren't you killing it, Leela? You love killing.
Leegola: No, no more killing.
Zoidberg: Oh! So, suddenly, Miss Goody Four-shoes over here doesn't kill anymore. She killed me not five minutes ago. What am I? Chopped liver?
Leegola
Zoidberg: Ow! Stop chopping my liver.
Leegola
Frydo: All right. I may be weak and I may be small, but I don't see how I can possibly destroy that monster. Guess I'll just huck whatever's in my pockets at him. At least I can say I tried.
Titanius Anglesmith: Any time now.
Frydo: The Die of Power. I forgot to remember to roll it.
Die of Power: Three.
Frydo Wow, that was intense. You guys got to try the Die of Power.
Titanius Anglesmith: I'll take a hit.
Frydo
Greyfarn Resist the allure of the die. For to defeat Momon, we must melt it in the super bombastic, bubbling plastic from whence it came.
Greyfarn: For to defeat Momon, we must melt it in the super bombastic, bubbling plastic from whence it came.
Momon: I send you to kill them and they're not even maimed? That's what I get for sending boys to do a mom's job.
Larius: Sorry, Mom.
Momon You're up.
Ignus: I like this part but I don't like...
Centaur Opponent: You are an able opponent, Hermaphrodite. But hear me well when I posit that we must abhor violence in all its forms.
Hermaphrodite: I offer a dissenting opinion.
ALL
Hermaphrodite Ah! Don't hurt me.
Leegola: I'm not here to hurt you. Or anything ever again. Please, teach me the centaurs' ways of wimpiness.
Hermaphrodite: What do you offer in return?
Titanius Anglesmith Ow!
Greyfarn: We're close now, my friends. So close, I can practically feel the heat of the fiery molten plastic.
Gynecaladriel: You're standing in the fire.
Greyfarn Alas, our path is blocked by Momon's army of evil. As well as her navy of moral dubiousness.
Titanius Anglesmith: Wait a second. Mayhaps we might raise an army of our own. We're but an hour's ride from Wipe Castle.
Greyfarn: Of course. Wipe Castle. And while we're there, we can get some of those greasy little dwarf burgers.
Gynecaladriel: Ooh! I love those. You can eat like eight of them without gaining any weight because of all the diarrhea.
Greyfarn
Momon: We've got them now. Send all our forces against Wipe Castle.
Waltazar: Right away, Mother. I'll just leave a small contingent behind in case...
Momon: I said, everything. Peaches!
Peaches (offscreen): I'm in the tub.
Momon: Waltazar, you and Larius shall lead the assault.
Waltazar: What about Ignus?
Momon: I'm afraid he can't be trusted on this mission. You see, there is a terrible secret about Ignus I've never told anyone. And here it is.
Momon
Frydo: They all wants it. They wants the dodecalicious.
Reflection Host: Tell you what, you want to defend a magic artifact, and I mean, defend it good, then what you need is a top-quality knife.
Frydo: Me is listening.
Reflection Host: The Eviscerator is one of the finest, if not the finest, tactical folder on the market today. We're talking 440 stainless, quick release and... I don't believe this. Is this a stag horn handle at this price?
Reflection Host 2: It is, yeah. It's a stag horn.
Reflection Host: At this price? You have got to be kidding me. That's got to be some kind of mistake, right there.
Reflection Host 2: Now, you folks at home, I know what you're thinking. You're thinking, that can't be stag horn. It's got to be the cheaper manticore horn. But, I've got the specs right here and I'll tell you what, this is the real deal.
Reflection Host: Unbelievable.
Reflection Host 2: It is unbelievable. That's exactly what it is. I mean, this is... I have no words to describe this deal. Honestly, have you ever seen stag horn at this price?
Reflection Host: No, no, I don't believe I ever have.
Reflection Host 2: 1101-1816 is the item number on this one.
Reflection Host: You know what, we're gonna have to  put a clock on this deal, folks. Two minutes. Can I get a clock at two minutes up there?
Reflection Host 2: Two minutes at most. Honestly, I'd be surprised if they last that long.
Reflection Host: Oh, I'd be very surprised, shocked really. Now, I know the lines are busy, people, but keep dialing in if you want a truly exceptional knife to slice up your friends in their sleep.
Titanius Anglesmith: He tried to murder me. He tried... Woah, cool. Is that the stag horn?
Greyfarn: Alas, Frydo's weakness was no match for the die's strength. We can only hope he forges on alone to the Geysers.
Titanius Anglesmith: I can hope my ass is made of ice-cream but that don't make me a hot fudge sundae.
Greyfarn: As for us, we must press on to Wipe Castle, though the journey be long and I fear I may not live to see it.
Gynecaladriel: There it is!
Frydo: They's following us's.
Zoidberg Head: You know, you talk like that, it's gonna cost you points at a job interview.
Frydo: What does it wants?
Zoidberg Head Second, I thought I could help you destroy the die, maybe.
Frydo Help me!
Swamp Hag: Get out of my swamp, you kids!
URL: Now, before your audience with the king, there's a shocking fact you best know about him.
Titanius Anglesmith: Enough blabbety-blab! Open the doors.
Roberto: What, ho?
Titanius Anglesmith: We bring ill tidings, o fanciest of men. Momon's reach nears the die of power. And should she obtain it, she will then have the entire basic set. Rivers will run red with blood and yellow with urine. And a dog will be seen eating cat food in the land. Oh, great king, your army is the last hope of Cornwood. Let us join forces before the light of good is extinguished forever.
Roberto: You calling me crazy? Just 'cause I've got a hotel in my foot don't make me a boogalee-moogalee-moogalee.
Titanius Anglesmith: Pardon?
Roberto: Stop laughing at me, fried avocado.
Titanius Anglesmith ...I hereby place myself in command of the royal army.
URL: What royal army would that be?
Greyfarn: What?
Smitty: King went insane and declared war on the scallops. Tied his army to a boulder and pushed them into the sea. They never returned.
URL
Greyfarn: Oh, well. There'll be no epic battle today.
Titanius Anglesmith.
Larius: Where's their army?
Waltazar
URL
Waltazar: All right. On three. One...
Titanius Anglesmith
Greyfarn: Oil in the murder hole.
LariusI knew it. I was right, Walt. It's hot oil.
Titanius Anglesmith: Ow.
Roberto AHH! Boogalee-moogalee-moogalee!
Man
Leegola: What does it mean?
Female Centaur: 'Tis as we feared. Evil will soon triumph over good.
Hermaphrodite: Your friends face certain death. Followed by a disrespectful marionette show performed with their corpses.
Leegola: No! We've got to do something.
Hermaphrodite
Leegola: What a load of man-horse manure.
Hermaphrodite: Well, Leegola, if you have a better idea, perhaps you'd like to challenge me to debate.
Frydo: I'm too exhausted. I can't go on.
Zoidberg Head: I'm here for you, my friend. I'll drag you onward. Even to my last ounce of strength. Grab onto my testicles.
Frydo: You know, I think maybe I can walk after all.
:  The dodeca-call is coming from inside the house.
Zoidberg Head: What are you waiting for, Frydo? Throw it already in the boiling plastic.
Frydo Me's enjoys owning it.
Zoidberg Head
Frydo: Ow!
Momon: No!
Die of Power: Twelve.
Frydo: So, it's all come down to this. A dungeon and dragons.
Zoidberg Head: I didn't see it coming.
Ogres: Eat the wizard, eat the slut. Eat the robot's shiny butt
Gynecaladriel: Well, at least we'll be remembered in song.
Titanius Anglesmith Well, that worked out pretty good, eh, fellows?
Leegola: Prepare to fire again, brave cowards.
Hermaphrodite
Leegola: Fire.
Ogre: Wuh-woah.
Remaining Ogre: Whew!
Gynecaladriel
Greyfarn: Frydo is fighting for his life. The fate of Cornwood is in our hands. Quickly, to the Geysers.
Titanius Anglesmith Can it wait a couple of minutes?
Greyfarn: Yes. Yes, it can.
Frydo I guess you are a match for my dragon style.
Momon: Tell me, Frydo, are you aware that a dragon's one weakness is its soft underbelly?
Frydo
Leegola: Get my friend out of your mouth.
Titanius Anglesmith Whoa!
Ignus: Quick. Get on the magic bug.
Greyfarn: It's not a magic bug, you dope. It's a magic arachnid. Can't you count the legs?
Ignus: No.
Greyfarn: Six, seven, eight. Not six, eight. I'll kill you, you imbecile.
Momon: My underbelly. My one weakness.
Zoidberg Head I got it. Now I can throw it in the hot thing over there and be the hero. On the other hand, infinite power might be nice.
Ignus: Please, I'm trying to help you.
Greyfarn: Then why are you hitting me with a stick? How stupid are you that you think that's helping?
Ignus: Mommy never told you about my father.
Greyfarn: She said he was a foul He-demon.
Ignus You are my father.
Greyfarn: No. No, that's impossible.
Ignus: Search your feelings. You know it to be true.
Greyfarn
Ignus: Ya-huh! I heard Mommy say so.
Zoidberg Head
Momon
Frydo: No! No!
Mom: What happened?
Leela: My God, we're out of that weird, crazy world and back in our regular crazy world.
Fry: Did we all just have some kind of freaky dream or was it ghosts?
Farnsworth: Neither, Fry. It was science. Bender's mighty imagination amplified by a dark matter resonance created an alternate reality that very nearly blew our minds.
Hermes: Exactly. You can't make that kind of stuff up.
Mom:  Quit trying to explain everything. I defeated you in that world and I'll defeat you in this one. Boys, the crystal’s still in his stomach.
Walt: Commencing intestinal flash flood.
Farnsworth: Wait! Before my moment of shame, can I...
Mom: Yes, speak up.
Farnsworth: Can I give my boy a hug?
Mom: All right. Fine. I've never done it. I guess somebody should.
Inger
Farnsworth: Like father, like son, eh, boy?
Igner
Mom: No. No!
Mom: My dark matter. It's worthless.
Farnsworth: That's right, Mom. But fear not, fancy folk for I've just thunk up an alternative energy source. Nibbler-power.
Nibbler: Hurray. Wait. What?
Farnsworth
Bender: Whip harder, Professor.
Farnsworth
Garry Gygax: Anyone wanna play Dungeons & Dragons for the next quadrillion years?
Seth MacFarlane
That was then and this is, too.
Bender: Wow, Mars Vegas.  Long live the eternal city.
Mr. Wong: Two, one, zero!
Bender: Rest in hell, Crapville!
Mrs. Wong: Out here in the desert, we’re gonna build bigger, better Vegas.
Mr. Wong: Bathtubs size of oceans, hookers size of bouncers.
Bender Hamburger!
Worm Announcer: Stand clear of the closing jaws.
Bender: Yo, you need any girders bent, I know a guy.
Amy Wong: So what's gonna be over there, Dad?
Mr. Wong Take that, you stupid Mother Nature.
Frida Waterfall: Okay. Let's hit him hard.
Feministas: This land is your land.  This land is my land
Fry: Who are you noisy women?
Frida: I'm Frida Waterfall, leader of the Greenorita Eco-Feminist Collective, and we will not let you man-doze this beautiful gyno-desert.
Mr. Wong: Well, I'm Leo Wong, and I say, "Boom!"
Frida: Hey, what happened to my femi-necklace?  And where's my mega-fem?
Professor Farnsworth: Is he badly hurt, Dr. Zoidberg?
Zoidberg Fry is dead!
Zoidberg: Wait, not dead.  The other thing.
Mr. Wong
Leela: Now, hang on.  Before you do construction, don't you have to make sure you're not harming any native species?
Mr. Wong: You mean, cursory environmental survey?  Already done! By top scientist.
Farnsworth: Err, what?  Oh, my, yes.  You've got the go-ahead, Mr. Wong.  This place is deader than last year's cat.
Leela
Farnsworth Killing these will be so much easier than exterminating those ponies.
Leela
Bender: I'll get it with my trusty foot cups: Stompy and Smashy.
Leela: No, don't kill it! We have to...
Mr. Wong
Leela  Poor thing.
Mr. Wong He took it, you all saw it!
Bender  What's in it for me, Bender?
Mr. Wong: Okay, okay. Come back when New Vegas opens, I give you all free rooms, free dinner and free tickets to Céline Dion.
Bender: Lose the Céline Dion tickets and you got yourself a deal.
Mr. Wong: All right, damnit, done!
Bender: All right, I scored.
Zoidberg Oh. I'm bankrupt.
Fry You said it, Hermes. He is pathetic, but lovable.
Hermes: Yup. What? I said no such thing, mon.
Fry: I am not acting weird, Leela. Why is everyone talking at once?
Leela: Fry, calm down and stop braining.
Amy: Yeah, Fry, maybe you need to-
Fry: You're right, Amy! Maybe I do need some fresh air.
Bender: Man, I'm worried about him. But not enough to stop gambling for even a single second.
Three Leos on the Machine: You win, damnit!
Bender
Fry: Voices always yelling. Who - who said that? I'm not insane. Stop it. Stop talking in me!
Hutch Waterfall
Fry (Over the chatter) Hey, it worked. The voices stopped.
Hutch That's better. My name's Hutch.
Fry: Hi, Hutch. So what's with the obnoxious, shrieking voices? Are my fillings picking up The View?
Hutch: No, man. Truth is, it's other people's thoughts. You're a mind reader.
Fry: Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Although, actually, it was sort of obvious.
Hutch: You don't believe me? Take off the helmet.
Fry: I believe you.
Hutch: Testing, testing. Do you read me?
Fry (Telepathically): Loud and clear.
Hutch: What?
Fry: I said, "Loud and clear." Only I said it with my thinker, not my talker.
Hutch: Whoa! Freaky. Why can't I read your thoughts?
Fry: I don't know. Wait. What's that about a secret society?
Hutch: Never mind that. Just keep the foil on and you'll be okay. Also, it'll keep the Dark Ones from incinerating your brain.
Fry: That's a plus.
Hutch
Clamps
Donbot: Whoa, whoa. Show some decorum there, Clamps. This ain't no strip show. This is a beguiling display of the pornographic arts.
Joey Mousepad: Yo, Skip, I can see a guy's butt.
Michael's Wife: Oh, Michael, this is the perfect end to a perfect honeymoon.
Michael: I love you so much.
Bender: Is this seat taken?
Michael: Actually, we...
Bender: Slide me those chicken wings. So what part of Podunk you rubes from?
Michael: The north-eastern.
Announcer: Monsieurs et mademoiselles, our circus of the senses now arrives by steamboat in New Orleans, circa 2873. The muted lament of a trombone resonates through the fog, which lingers even now, months after the attack of the fog monster. With but one hope of restoring Gearoticus to his throne, our sensual fate rests in the gyrations of... Fanny.
Bender
Fanny: Yes?
Bender
Donbot: Who is it, the Feds?
Bender Aren't you the Donbot, head of the Robot Mafia?
Donbot: Allegedly. And this is my beloved wife, Fanny, whose honor I would proudly defend with a power drill. Well, I gotta go drown a stoolie.
Donbot: I'm gonna be in here a while, so do me a favor and drive my wife home. It's one of them self-driving cars, so just sit in the back and do whatever.
Fanny: Oh, Bender, your lips are intoxicating. It's like kissing an ashtray full of hot wings.
Bender (As if he were speaking through a fan): Aww yeahh!
Fry (Telepathically): My God, I really can read minds. I have a superpower! There must be something great I can do with this.
Fry Oh, wait, that's invisibility.
Fry (Telepathically): Poker. With my mind-reading abilities and my invisibility... Wait, no, just the mind reading. I can't lose!
Fry: Sign me up for the tournament, please.
Administrator: Okey-doke, Jiffy Pop. Entry fee's 50,000 smackers.
Fry: 50,000? Drat, all I have is my life savings and a token for free admission to this poker tournament.
Administrator
Amy: You're having an affair with the head of the robot mafia's wife?
Bender (Off-screen): Yup, this is her I'm making out with.
Hermes: Bender, are you crazy?
Bender: No, it's Fry who's crazy in this one.
Fry: Psht, I'm not crazy.
Leela: You sure you're okay, Fry? I mean, you do have tin foil on your head.
Fry: So? You've got a leech on your neck. Oh, and speaking of sucking on your neck, want to go to a movie later?
Elzar: Hey, there! How are you folks doing tonight?
Bender: Great. What are the specials?
Elzar: Well, let's see now. We've got a wonderful grizzly bear that's been dipped in cornmeal and lightly tormented. Questions?
Amy: What was the bear's name?
Elzar: Jojo.
Amy: Ooh, I'll have him.
Bender: Hide me!
Joey Mousepad: Hey, Donbot, ain't that your wife what with you had that wedding with?
Fanny Donbot, honey! What a pleasant shock! I was just having dinner alone, when suddenly you walk in on us.
Donbot: Alone, huh?
Bender I'm Bender. The world's most sexual robot. I mean, the world's most boundary-respecting robot.
Donbot: Nice to see you, Bender. Welcome back to our universe. Listen, sugar, I stuck up the Burlington Coat Factory and got you a little something. It's a $49 value.
Danny Not really.
Bender
Fanny: I never felt so alive, Bender. Listen, this turquoise-encrusted bra is worth 50 grand. Let's sell it and run off before the Donbot gets wise.
Bender No. It will take a lot more money than that to make a girl like you happy.
Fanny: No, it won't.
Bender One entry, please.
Fanny: Bender, no! You can't beat the best players in the universe. You're not lucky enough.
Bender The scrap metal I'm made from included a truckload of horseshoes from the luckiest racehorses in Mexico, who had just been sent to a glue factory.
Fanny: They don't sound so lucky to me.
Bender: Not without their shoes.
Fanny: Here, Bendy, take this. It will give you 70% more luck. It's the Donbot's lucky robot's foot.
Bender  No, wait, three. I stepped on a leprechaun.
Joey Mousepad: Yo, you see this over here over there?
Clamps: I'm powering up the clamps.
Donbot: Whoa, whoa, whoa. Let us not rush to judgment.
Joey Mousepad: But, Skip, that was your lucky robot's foot what came off of your lucky leg.
Donbot While it is true that I did wake up with only one foot this morning, there is no proof that my beloved Fanny was involved. Aside from the hacksaw I found under her pillow.
Clamps: Well, what about that Bender guy? You want I should give him the clamps?
Donbot: Not yet, Clamps. Only one thing can prove that he has my lucky foot.
Clamps: Torture with the clamps or a clamp-like device?
Donbot: No. We are gonna sit tight and see if he wins the poker tournament. He does, that proves he's packing my lucky foot, in which event...
Clamps Or a clamp-like device.
Penn Jillette Our act really didn't change much when he died.
Bender
Fry Bender? Oh, boogers. We're in the same tournament. Quick, get your entry fee back before I bankrupt you.
Bender In your dreams, nutloaf.
Fry: Bite my shiny metal hat.
Penn Jillette (Whispering)
Bender (Telepathically)
Fry I fold.
Penn Jillette: Holy crap! A stunning play by mentally ill newcomer Philip Fry. It's almost as if he knew Bender had two aces.
Tex Connecticut: I'm out.
Lrrr: I'm out.
Bender Suck my luck!
Donbot That's what I'm gonna do to Bender if he wins.
Lrrr: My cards are awful, and I need a hug.
Fry: I call your bluff.
Lrrr I just wanted to make my daddy proud.
Lrrr's Father: Well, you didn't. I want you and your junk moved out by Monday.
Penn Jillette: It's getting pretty intense, folks. Based on the state of decomposition of Teller's head, we're now in hour 19 of the tournament. And the first bad deal of the night for Bender.
Bender This is the worst possible hand, right?
Tex Connecticut: I'm all in.
Bender: All in! I mean, fold. Whatever.
Penn Jillette Well, Bender's luck just ran out. No card can save him from elimination.
Boobs Vanderbilt
Leo Wong
Bender: Wooo! I'm so full of luck, it's shooting out like luck diarrhoea.
Penn Jillette
Bender: All in.
Fry: But-but, you didn't even look at your cards!
Bender: Looking at one's cards is a crutch for players who rely on skill.
Leo Wong: Any day now, Fry. You in or out?
Bender
Fry Yes! Four aces!
Bender Ah-ah-ah. Read 'em and weep, and then tell me what they are.
Leo Wong: Two kings. And with three on the board, that gives Bender five kings.
Fry: But how is that...
Penn Jillette: I don't believe it. Bender has just been dealt the King of Beers, a coaster from the bar that somehow got mixed into the deck. But it still counts!
Leo Wong: Bender win the Championship!
Bender
Fanny You did it, Bender. You're the greatest.
Bender: Tell me something I don't know, sweetass. Now, let's boogie. We'll be in Space Tahiti before the Donbot knows what hit him.
Donbot: Now I am suspicious.
Bender: Okay, we finished digging this shallow grave. Can we go now?
Fry (Sobbing): Poor Bender left me one last voicemail before the Robot Mafia buried him in the desert.
Bender (On cell phone)
Hermes: Line up, people! Everyone take a shovel and one sixth of the planet. We'll meet back here in 50 years, our bodies broken and our lives wasted.
Zoidberg: And you say these are free shovels?
Bender: I'm back, baby.
Fry: Bender! I thought the Robot Mafia killed you.
Bender: Nah, they just shot us and buried us a few times as a warning.
Fanny: Bender was so brave. He never stopped making out with me the whole time they were shooting us.
Bender: I sure didn't.
Fanny: I gotta get back to my husband, baby. Will I see you tonight?
Bender: Probably not.
Mr. Wong: It's a 14-footer with a clown hazard. What club you recommend, Baggy?
Baggy: As on every hole, I suggest the putter.
Fry: Your golf club sure is classy, Mr. Wong. Naked statue classy.
Leela
Amy: We're lucky even to play as guests, Leela. Dad's club has a very strict "No girls allowed" policy.
Leela: That doesn't seem fair.
Amy: It really is. Everybody knows women don't have the focus to play miniature golf at a professional level.
Leela: But that's the best shot of the day!
Mr. Wong: Is that my ball? I think that my ball.
Amy: Pfft, great putt, Dad.
Mr. Wong: Okay, we're done.
Leela: Mr. Wong, how do you keep this place so green in the middle of the desert? Doesn't that waste a lot of water?
Mr. Wong
Mr. Wong: Oh, yeah, I love miniature golf. Love everything about it, except how damn miniature it is. That's why I'm building the universe's biggest miniature golf course.
Mr. Wong: This the first tee.
Fry: Where's the hole?
Mr. Wong It dropped in! Put me down for a two.
Amy
Mr. Wong: Keep in mind, that just the first hole. For full course, we gonna bulldoze this entire arm of the Milky Way.
Leela: What? You're gonna wipe out 10% of the galaxy for a stupid golf course?
Mr. Wong: First of all, it 12% . Second, yes, you betcha.
Leela: But you have no idea what life forms might be evolving out there.
Mr. Wong: That's exactly why I'm hiring an impartial scientist to perform an environmental survey. That's him in the money shower.
Fry (VO): Delivery boy's log. Having fallen asleep on what I thought was the toilet, I awoke to find the environmental survey in progress.
Farnsworth: Status reports, Science Officer.
Bender: Just like Fry on a date.
Fry Hey!
Leela: Okay, so we haven't found any life yet. I still don't see why you men can't be happy with regular-sized miniature golf.
FarnsworthHave you seen my new 301-inch TV?
Announcer: Hypnotoad is brought to you by the MagnaPhallix 302-inch TV. It's bigger!
Farnsworth
Bender Captain, I'm detecting life on the Spock-o-scope!
Leela: It's amazing. It's like a textbook on evolution.
Fry: Except in Kansas.
Bender: But isn't Mr. Wong building the 18th hole here? And the golf pants museum?
Farnsworth: Indeed so. This whole area will be incinerated when he implodes that sun there into a black hole.
Leela: That beautiful violet star?
Farnsworth: It's so you can't keep your ball at the end of the game.
Fry: Yo, that's messed up.
Leela: Well, there won't be any imploding once they read our environmental review. Right, Professor?
Farnsworth: Ohh, twaddle-squat. There's no scientific consensus that life is important.
Bender: Yeah. Life, schmife.
Clip Board Approved for demolition.
Leela
Guard: We're here, Mr. President.
Richard Nixon's head: Arroo! Let's play some mini-golf.
Nixon No, no, no, just a light...
Zoidberg OW!
Nixon
Feministas: Shut up and hear our wisdom. Save the ecosystem. Shut up and hear our wisdom! Save the ecosystem!
Nixon: What gives, Wong? You said no chicks allowed.
Frida: We are the Greenorita Eco-Feminist Collective, and we will not let you...What was it again?
Leela: We will not let you implode the violet dwarf star at galactic coordinates 167.84, -58.03, mark 948.
Mr. Wong: Already approved, you cackling hens. So get out, or I'll have vice-president Agnew's headless body throw you out.
Leela: I'd like to see him try.
Nixon: Me, too. Should look funny. Sic 'em, Agnew.
Nixon: Runaway golf cart!
Leela: Look out, Agnew!
Nixon: Whoa!
Mr. Wong: Aah!
Leela: Is... is he okay?
Mr. Wong: No pulse.
Nixon: They killed the headless remains of Agnew. Arrest them!
Frida: All Feministas she-vacuate the premises. I mean "femises."
Nixon: My fellow Earthicans, these eco-crooks will face the maximum sentence. For killing a headless torso, that's six weeks.
Bender: Well, this is embarrassing. Here I've been blabbing on for years about killing all humans, and who actually does something about it? Some chick.
Fry: Leela's not a killer, and she's not some chick. She's the chick I love. And don't tell her I called her a chick, or she'll kill me.
Frida (through her megaphone): Everyone stay absolutely quiet!
Feminista: That thing's on. Shh!
Feminista: Turn it off!
Frida (through megaphone): Oh, sorry.
Frida: How do you turn it off?
Frida (through megaphone): There. Did that do it?
OTHERS: No. Stop it. Shut up.
Frida: And I think I... Now I got it.
Leela: Let me give you a hand.
Frida: This is awful. I never meant for our protest to have any effect. Now what do we do?
Trixie: Maybe we should just surrender and serve our six weeks in jail.
Dixie: Hey, yeah! We could do each other's toenails and make shivs.
Leela: That's crazy. We've done nothing wrong, other than killing and dismembering the vice-president. We need to make a choice, sisters. We can either keep pestering criminals like Leo Wong with silly slogans...
ALL: Yeah. Let's do that.
Leela: Actually, I meant that to be the less preferable alternative. We can either chant slogans or we can take action.
Dixie: What was the first choice again?
Leela: I choose to save the environment by sabotaging Leo Wong's golf course. Who's with me?
Frida: Could we still use our bullhorns?
Leela: Absolutely. Bullhorns are a core principle of eco-feminism.
Frida: Then I'm in.
Leela: Who's ready to kick some sweaty man-butt?
Dixie: I've got my pointy man-kicking shoes on.
Trixie: Those are cute.
Dixie: Aren't they? I got them at Nine West.
Leela: Simmer down, warriors. Full power to the vagyroscope!
Mr. Wong: Those dirty rings. I tried soaking them out, even blasting them out.
Frida: Are you sure about this? It would be better for propaganda if we weren't using refined sugar.
Leela: It's okay. The potato we're shoving in the tailpipe is organic.
Mr. Wong Ooh, and potatoes.
Leela: Now, unfortunately, the media is going to put a negative spin on this, like when we killed that guy, so to win public support, we'll need a lovable mascot.
Zoidberg Squirm all you want, you nasty dumpling. One less species for the universe, one more breakfast for...
Leela: Zoidberg?
Zoidberg: Leela. Me saving things the leech. Not the eating of it.
Leela: Zoidberg, I'm very surprised at you, slightly.
Fry: Psst! Leela.
Leela: Shh! I'm a fugitive.
Fry: I know. I miss you so much, Leela, even more than when you were here.
Leela: I miss you, too, Fry. And you probably think what I'm doing is wrong. But it's something I really care about...
Fry: You don't have to explain, Leela. You're you. That's all I need to know.
Leela: Goodbye, sweet goofbag.
Bender I'll miss her, too, buddy. Dibs on her iPod.
Zoidberg: Dibs on her- ohh...
Hutch: Hey, Fry! Long time, man.
Fry: Hey, Hutch! What have you been up to?
Hutch: Same old, same old. Searching the dumpsters, protecting my thoughts with tin foil, peeing myself.
Fry: So, what brings you to Earth?
Hutch: It's top secret. Hey, take off your helmet and I'll think it to you.
Fry: Okay. Here goes.
Fry: Where are you? And me?
Hutch: The Great Hall of the Ancient Legion of Madfellows. Welcome, bro.
ALL: Welcome, bro.
Hutch: Sorry I bashed your head in, buddy, but I had to. You see, the fate of the universe depends on you.
Fry: Yeah, I get that a lot.
Hutch: The Grand Curator will tell you more.
Fry: Take me to him.
Nine: Hey, man.
Fry: Hey.
Nine: So dig this, Fry. Our commune has been monitoring the universe's life energy for, like, a really long time, and we're grokking some super weird junk.
Fry: Um, I don't mean to be rude, but it's kind of hard to take you seriously when you say junk like "grok" and "junk."
Nine : What about "commune"?
Fry: Especially "commune." Come on, it's the fate of the universe, puff it up a little. Like you could say your ancient order is sensing deep upheaval in the cosmic life energy field.
Nine The Green Chi generated a great upwelling of life across the cosmos. But then, for reasons unknown...
Fry: Ooh. "Reasons unknown." Now that's the sort of hook that grabs the attention of me, the viewer.
Nine: For reasons unknown...
Fry: Nice.
Nine: ...the Chi began to recede, and the diversity of life began to wither. The life forms we know today are but a fraction of a fraction of the magnificence that once existed.
Hutch: But a bunch of dudes, right, they totally passed this far-out knowledge down through the ages.
Nine (VO): Some with this knowledge were called prophets, some, fruitcakes. We, the Legion of Madfellows, are their heirs.
Fry
Nine
Fry: Neat. What's it got to do with me?
Nine: Ahh, pooperdoodle! I mean, pardon the omission. You see, after untold eternities, we have sensed a resurgence in the Chi.
Fry: Hey, that's the violet dwarf star that Leela wants to save.
Hutch: Freaking nailed it, corndog.
Nine: We believe this star heralds a new green age, and it's your destiny to be its shepherd and protector.
Fry: Me? Why?
Hutch: 'Cause you got, like, no delta brainwave, man. The Dark Ones can't groove off your thoughts.
Nine
Fry: Cool. I can't wait to tell Leela.
Nine: No! If you tell anyone, then their thoughts could be read, and our enemies would know of our existence. For the sake of those you love, you must keep this secret. Do you foot-swear?
Fry: Oh, okay. I foot-swear.
Nine: Good. Now, to save the coming of the green age, you must stop this man.
Fry: I know him. Leo Wong. I work with his daughter.
Nine: Oh, good, that will cut about 15 minutes of explanation. You must gain Wong's confidence, infiltrate his organization and prevent him from destroying the violet dwarf.
Mr. Wong: Looking for a job, eh?
Fry: Yes, sir. Nothing fancy. I'm willing to start at the bottom and infiltrate my way up.
: Sorry, no openings right now. : What I need is security guard to keep nutcases out of my office.
Fry: I'm good at keeping nutcases.
Mr. Wong: Security guard gotta be tough. This idiot don't look like he could handle those feministas.
Fry: I look like an idiot who can handle those feministas.
Mr Wong (Telepathically): He'll have to do better than that.
Fry: I'll have to do better than that.
Mr. Wong: Hmm. You and I think a lot alike. You really think you can stand up to those eco-freakos?
Fry: Sir, with me around, they'll be the least of your worries.
Tester: Stand by, men. And manly aliens. Prepare to test fire King Kong hole.
Sal: It workses.
Tester: Good job, men. And manly aliens. Construction of King Kong hole complete.
Frida: Typical. Always King Kong, never Queen... Quong.
Sal: What are those, hooks? Get out of heres, you hookers. This is my turfs.
Sal Helpses!
Leela: You go, gorilla !
Morbo: Our top story. The string of eco-vandalism that began with a harmless vice-presidential killing has spread across the galaxy.
Linda: Why do you always get to read the top story, Morbo?
Morbo
Linda: Not all reaction to the crime spree has been negative. We spoke with several people who viewed these courageous eco-feminists as heroes.
Petunia Some way to show I support 'em. Send them some smokes or something.
Linda: So you make more than twice what I do. What? This just in: Root 2 News has received a video communique from the eco-feminists' unknown hideout.
Leela
Morbo
Linda: Feministas unite!
Linda (on the TV)
Nixon: Incredible. Absolutely incredible. You're telling me this TiVo machine can pause and rewind live TV?
Mr. Wong: These crazy broads gonna ruin me, Nixon. You gotta help me. Send the army or something. Something big that shoots.
Nixon: Sir, I don't care if you are my biggest contributor. Our armed forces do not serve your private business interests.
Mr. Wong: Sorry, I...
Nixon I'm just yanking your chain, Leo. I'm on it like boring on Gerry Ford.
Zapp Brannigan: Zapp Brannigan purporting for duty. For the love of God, Kif, less piccolo, more fife.
Nixon: Report, Brannigan.
Zapp Yet, I seemed to have stroked myself upon good luck, for a patriot of the highest order has volunteered to lead us to them.
Nixon: These eco-feminists are ruthless criminals who'll stop at nothing to save the environment. I don't see how a bending unit can catch them.
Bender
Nixon: Slush him, Kroker.
Zapp: Bender here has identified the femdito commander as my ex-lover, Turanga Leela, whom I once made love at.
Nixon: And he's willing to fink her out for a few simoleons?
Bender: It's not about the money, Nixon, though I'd like much more. It's 'cause Leela's a threat. A threat to my reputation. She's committed 30 felonies in 12 star systems. If no one stops her, she'll break my record for longest rap sheet.
Nixon: That's a despicable motive, Bender, and I respect it.
Bender: Gracias. Now, I could find Leela, but you'll need to authorize a wiretap.
Nixon: As many as you like.
Bender: I only need one.
Nixon: Let's call it six.
Kif: Question. If you don't know where Leela is, how can you wiretap her?
Bender: I'm not wiretapping her, Greensleeves. You see, like all women, Leela has one weakness.
Bender: Hello, weakness!
Fry: Hey, Bender, check it out. I'm Leo Wong's new security guard. I got an ID badge and a flashlight, and I ordered this mustache.
Bender: Neat. Say, speaking of whatever the hell you just said, I need to make a cell phone telephone call. Can borrow your cell phone telephone?
Fry: Okay, but don't restart my Tetris. I was finally about to get one of those pieces that looks like a backwards "L."
Bender: Okay, superstud.
Mr. Wong: Looking good, security. No feministas getting past you.
Fry: No, sir. Not on my mustache's watch.
Amy: Fry, I can't believe you're working with my dad against Leela. How can you claim to be her friend and still want her in jail?
Fry It's a tightrope walk, I won't deny it. It takes the kind of multi-sided thinking your dad's so brilliant at.
Amy: You mean being two-faced?
Mr. Wong: Don't mind cranky-pants here. She been cranky ever since she was a fat little girl.
Amy: Dad!
Mr. Wong: Can I be brutally honest, Fry? I always wanted a son.
Fry: That hurt, but I can take it.
Amy I knew you wanted a son! Why do you think I became a miniature golf champion? Why do you think I wear these stupid boys' sweat suits?
Mr. Wong
Fry: Now, sir, in fairness, Amy's butt is actually pretty hot.
Amy: What is it with you men? Why does everything revolve around my butt?
Mr. Wong
Fry: Sorry.
Amy: That's it! Why don't you just adopt Fry and make him the son you never had? That'll replace the daughter you don't have anymore!
Bender: Whoa! What's with Big Butt?
Mr. Wong: She just hungry.
Bender: Here you go, Fry.
Fry: Thanks.
Bender: Oh! FYI, I dropped that Tetris piece in the wrong place and ended the game.
Fry No!
Fry
Frida: Take your mands off of me!
Fry I'm on your side.
Frida Don't shush me.
Fry: Please, can you take a message to Leela?
Frida What is it?
Fry: Just say her sweet goofbag is working to save the violet dwarf star, just like she is.
Frida: Very well, I'll fem-municate your man-formation.
Fry Just tell her.
Farnsworth: Well, this is it, old friends. Planet Express is done for, what with our delivery crew missing and the abysmal sales of Tickle Me Bender.
Bender Doll Quit touching my junk, pervert!
Farnsworth: Hold out your hands and I'll remove your career chips.
Zoidberg When will it end?
Hermes: Shouldn't you get that, Professor?
Farnsworth Hello?
Mr. Wong: Professor, old buddy, I'm gonna blow up the violet dwarf star. So I need you deliver billion-mile security fence to keep out protesters. Dirty business. Lot of money. You corrupt enough?
Farnsworth Good news, crybabies! We're back in business.
Hermes: Sweet kookaburra of Edinburgh, Professor. You sure you know how to fly this thing?
Farnsworth: I invented it, didn't I? You wouldn't ask Thomas Edison whether he knew how to use a sexmatron.
Zoidberg: The Feministas, probably.
Leela: Halt! What are you doing in this parallelogram of space?
Farnsworth
Zoidberg: Amy?
Hermes: LaBarbara?
LaBarbara: That's right, husband. From now on, you make your own Manwiches.
Leela: Under the articles of the confemiracy, we hereby wo-mandeer this ship.
Zoidberg: Oh, no, you don't. It's three against three.
Mrs. Wong: That was the greatest play I ever saw. It must have had 20 acts.
Leela (over Megaphone): We installed your fence, Leo Wong.
Linda: Should we shout a clever slogan?
Leela: You mean something like, "The best defense is a good fence?"
Linda: Yeah, something like that, only funny.
Leela: I wish we could, but our chief slogan writer is back at the Honeybun Hideout.
Frida That reminds me, I've got to tell Leela about that weirdo who wants to save the violet dwarf.
Mysterious, Sinister Voice: So, the Legion of Madfellows has a new pawn, eh?
Frida: Is somebody here? If you're the DSL guy, you're two days late.
Mysterious, Sinister Voice: Who gave you that message for Leela?
Frida: I don't know his name.
Mysterious, Sinister Voice: Then you are of no use to the Dark Ones!
Frida: Long lost brother, avenge my death.
Mysterious Voice: Where are your crappy rhymes now, Frida Waterfall?
Frida
Scene
Fry My dirty, shifty friend?
Hutch: Hey, Fry, long time.
Hutch: Welcome back to the Legion of Madfellows, man.
Fry: Why'd you bonk me, you idiot? You could have just asked me to come with you. And where are we? This doesn't look like your regular dumpster.
Nine: All in good time! I guess now is a good time. We are on Mars, in a forgotten cavern abandoned by the native Martians a million years ago.
Fry: Actually, it was five years ago. I remember 'cause they washed my socks.
Nine: You have done well, Fry. You have ingratiated yourself with Leo Wong.
Fry: Yup, I kissed his ass from cheek to shining cheek. So, what do I do next?
Nine: As Wong security chief, you will be on hand when he attempts to destroy the violet dwarf. You must not let that happen.
Fry "Must let happen."
Nine: Not happen!
Fry: "Must let occur."
Nine: Let me tell you a story. A story of two alien species so ancient that compared to them the human race is a mere college senior! On a distant planetoid they evolved to cooperate in their quest to survive.
Fry: Cooperation, because life is a team sport.
Nine: But, over time, one species evolved a better strategy, and an evolutionary arms race began.
Nine: That concludes the audio-visual portion of our head-clonk and lecture.
Fry: Wait, what happened to the snakes and the frogs? I need to know!
Nine The frogs, or possibly the snakes, evolved into vicious killing machines, honed by the merciless forces of natural selection and intelligent design. We call these the Dark Ones!
Nine: These evil creatures preyed on all life, driving species after species to extinction. Meanwhile, however, the second species evolved to fend off the Dark Ones, befriending and protecting all other living things.
Fry: Even Céline Dion?
Nine: Probably. We call these noble beings the Encyclopods, because their DNA incorporates the DNA of every endangered species they encountered, so they can recreate them if they go extinct.
Fry: Just as a pillow, a wig and a corncob pipe can be used to recreate my old girlfriend!
Nine: Bingo.
Transition Announcer 2: Meanwhile, at the Honeybun Hideout.
LaBarbara: There! Now you know how it feels to be locked up in a go-go cage.
Hermes: What the hell are you talking about?
LaBarbara: Shut your man-hole.
Hermes: I feel dirty.
Leela: Are you sure Fry is working for your father? It just doesn't seem like him to be so evil, or to hold down a job.
Amy: It's true, Leela. Cross My Heart bra and swear to Goddess.
Leela  Oh, no! Frida's been murdered!
LaBarbara: Sweet she-cattle of Seattle!
Hermes (from off screen): Not your strong suit, woman.
Amy: Who could have done this?
Leela: Your dad? Nixon?
Amy: Fry?
Leela So just stay calm while I call Fry.
Fry: So where are the Encyclopods and the Dark Ones now?
Nine Many more died out, like the Encyclopods. But, and this is the great secret of our age, we believe they left an egg behind.
Fry: Is it edible?
Nine: We're not gonna eat it! Not unless we find a second one. No, Fry, we intend to hatch it!
Hutch: And that's where you come in.
Fry: And here I am.
Nine: At long last the tide of Chi has returned, and its nourishing flow has awakened the dormant egg.
Fry: That's good.
Hutch: It's better than good. It's better. With its massive stash of DNA, the Encyclopod can reconstruct every species that ever went extinct.
Nine: Imagine, all the animals that failed evolution's test, alive again! The dodo bird, the brittle-klutz, the striped biologist-taunter.
Fry: So, where is this egg?
Nine: In the violet dwarf star system.
Fry: And what does it look like?
Nine: A violet dwarf star!
Fry: You mean, the whole star is a single... Whoa! Sci-fi.
Nine: Alas! Even now, a Dark One is headed to the star to ensure its destruction.
Fry: Dang! So what does this Dark One look like?
Nine We don't know. I admit it's a horrifically grave situation.
Hutch: Don't sugarcoat it, Nine. The Dark Ones have been evolving so long, it could be anything or anyone. Or anybody.
Fry: You mean, like, people?
Hutch: Any people. It will kill the egg, and every dude, woman and child who knows about it.
Nine: Even our crazy caps will be useless at close range. That's why only you, with your defective unreadable brainwave, may be able to thwart them and usher in a new green age of wonder and...
Fry: You're on Fry-time. Leela! Did you get my message?
Leela: What message?
Fry: Didn't you see Frida Waterfall?
LeelaSo you did kill Frida Waterfall?
Fry Well, I can't explain anything, but we should talk anyway. Where are you?
Leela: Oh, no. I'm not gonna expose the Honeybun Hideout. Where are you?
Fry: Near the Keeler Crater on Mars. Do you know it?
Leela: I, I, uh... I think I read about it.
Leela I'll meet you at the south rim in one hour. No moustaches.
Zapp: Kif, set coordinates, 36-24-36. AKA, Leela.
Fry: Ten minutes late. Ain't that just like a womanista?
Leela: Psst. Are you alone?
Fry: Of course, don't you trust me?
Zapp (over PA): There's no escape, Leela. If you surrender, wave your shirt in the air.
Leela: Fry, you traitor!
Amy (over PA): Hop onto the magnet, Leela!
Leela
Leela I can't believe you ratted me out, Fry.
Fry: I'm not a rat, I swear. If I'm any rodent, it's the loyal capybara, king of the rats! No, wait.
Linda: This just in, we are about to get our asses blown off. LaBarbara?
LaBarbara
Amy: Stay strong, ladies. We can lose them in the giant miniature golf course.
Fry: But the course isn't finished. And there's no girls allowed.
Amy
Zapp: So, they want to play mini golf, eh? Two can play at that game. Or even four, depending on the number of ball colors available.
Zapp: I choose pink.
Kif: That's their color, sir.
Zapp: The hell it is.
Leela: They're gaining on us. We need a birdie on the windmill hole.
Amy: Wait. Wait. Drop the boot!
Kif: Sir, at our present speed, the computer predicts a 100% chance we'll be sliced in half. We'll never make it.
Zapp: Not with that attitude, we won't. Same speed ahead!
Zapp: We made it through, Kif. How many men did we lose?
Kif: All of them.
Zapp: Well, at least they won't have to mourn each other. Seal the airlocks, and draw the shades. Resume shooting.
Fry: Oh, no! The gorilla! That's a par-four!
Leela: The mouth's too dangerous. I'm going for the nose.
Amy: Don't be a sucker. You won't come out anywhere near the hole. You need to aim for the jaws just when they start to close.
Leela: Start to close? Are you out of your...
Leela: We made it!
Zapp: Captaining 101 . Go for the nose.
Bender
Kif: You can't sue the military.
Bender: I'm okay then.
Zapp: Damage report.
Kif: We lost all remaining food and oxygen, Captain. As well as our XM Radio antenna.
Zapp: Then this chase is over. Kif, set course for the nearest XM repair facility. Meanwhile, we shall sing top hits from the '80s.
Kif: Which '80s, sir?
ZappAnd I'm hungry like the wolf.
Hermes: The shot was too good! We're jamming straight for the hole.
Zoidberg: We're gonna crash, even.
Amy: Shmeesh, shmell out, shmeverybody. It's a wormhole hole.
Farnsworth ...nother part of the universe.
Amy: We made it!
Farnsworth: Uh, whaa...
Leela: Crud nuggets! We de-spaced right next to the Nimbus.
Zoidberg: Just when you think the chase is over, it gets twice as exciting!
Bender: Hey, look at that.
Zapp: Well, well, well. My bloodhound-like instincts must have hunted them down while my other parts were throbbing to Duran Duran.
Kif: Shall I initiate a pointless and potentially fatal pursuit?
Zapp: Make it so.
Bender: It's gonna be fun on the bun, in space.
Leela: Look! The asteroid. Now it's crawling with life. Like Zoidberg's sandals!
Fry: Wow! It's incredible.
Leela: But it'll be destroyed when Leo Wong blows up the violet dwarf. So why are you helping him?
Fry: I can't tell you, Leela. You just have to trust me.
Leela: You keep saying that, but you have to give me something to go on or I...
Planet Express Ship Alarm: Out of whale oil. Out of whale oil.
Leela The out-of-fuel indicator. It's indicating.
Zoidberg: Say, what's that violet-colored dwarf-like star thing we're drifting into?
Leela: The violet dwarf star!
Fry: Of course. The gorilla was the 18th hole, so we're headed into the ball return.
Zoidberg: Aye, what else now can go wrong?
Zapp on the monitor): Ladies, you're under arrest. Prepare to be boarded again and again.
Petunia
Leela: Don't give up yet. I've got one more trick up my sleeve.
Amy: That's exactly the number we need.
Zapp: Ah, the fairer sex.
Zapp: Something's very wrong here, and yet a little bit right.
Leela (off-screen)
Bender (off-screen)
Leela: Bender?
Bender: All two tons of me.
Bailiff: Oye, oye, oye. All rise for the honorable Chief Justice D-O-G-G and the Associate Justices.
Judge Dogg: Yo. Seat it or beat it. The charges against y'all femditos is murder, mayhem, vandalism, kidnapping and resisting arrest. Damn! The big five. You may now make your opening "what you got to say for yourselves."
Leela I mean, may it plizzle the cozizzle.
Judge Dogg: Proceed.
Leela: These charges are outrageous. Our only goal was to save a rare violet star and its precious ecosystem. If protecting the environment is a crime, then...
Judge Dogg: Protecting the environment is a crime.
Leela': 
Bailiff: Do you swear to tell the whole truth and nothing but the truth?
Nixon: I... Well, now, I... Am I under oath when I take the oath?
Ruth Bader Ginsburg's head: Can the witness identify the feminista leader?
Bender: That's her right there, with the "I'm gonna kill you Bender" look in her eye.
Antonin Scalia's Head: Hey, aren't you the robot who robbed me at gunpoint last year?
Bender: No further answers, Your Honor.
Fry: Please, Justice Dogg, Leela and her friends are completely innocent.
Judge Dogg: Hold up. Were you or were you not abducted by these hoes?
Fry: Well, abducted is such an ugly word.
Clarence Thomas' head: Mr. Wong, the court cannot compel you to testify against your own daughter.
Mr. Wong: No. No, I want to. Also, I got something to say about my wife.
Judge Dogg: Aw, yeah. Having heard some of the testimony over these jams I've been listening to, me and my crew will now kick it in the mix.
Judge Dogg Court. Bailiff, drop it like it's legal precedent.
Bailiff: In the matter of Leo Wong v. The Greenorita Eco-Feminist Collective, four justices vote to convict, five to acquit.
Antonin Scalia's Head: However, since the vote was strictly along gender lines and the female justices' votes only count half, you are hereby found guilty.
Ruth Ginsberg's Head: It's a humiliating and biased system, but it works.
Judge Dogg Peace.
Warden: Ladies! Welcome to Hell.
Petunia: Beats Nutley on a Saturday night.
Warden: This is a privately-owned for-profit prison and I run a tight, cheap ship! I've done this by cutting costs everywhere, especially on punishment. I rely on you inmates to make prison unpleasant for yourselves. You're encouraged to sexually harass new prisoners, organize no-holds-barred catfights and maintain poor hygiene.
Amy: Try and make me, copper.
Warden Taste the lash of my 99-cent-store nightstick!
Mr. Wong: Yee-ha! With the feministas in jail, it full speed ahead. You and me, Fry. We implode the violet dwarf star tomorrow. Ka-boom-boom!
Fry: You and me?
Mr. Wong: Yeah.
Fry: Tomorrow?
Mr. Wong: Tomorrow.
Fry: Ka-boom?
Mr. Wong: Ka-boom-boom!
Fry Okay, Leo Wong's about to destroy the violet dwarf. So, whatever I need to know to stop him, tell me now.
Nine: Alas! Stopping Wong isn't the only problem. One of the Dark Ones will try to stop you from stopping him. So, you must stop it from stopping you from stopping him.
Fry: But how can I stop it stop me stop him?
Nine: Stop it! Behold, the Omega Device.
Fry: That's it? The name "Omega Device" sort of conjured up something cooler looking. Not that I'm disappointed or anything.
Nine: The important thing is what's inside.
Fry: What does that look like?
Hutch: No one knows, man. It was invented by a blind inventor, and the one dude he described it to was deaf.
Mad Fellow: So the legend goes.
Nine: When activated, the device will emit a localized blast of delta-band noise to momentarily disable the Dark One.
Fry: Like farting in a tent?
Nine: No, an elevator. Which is why you must strike the enemy at point blank range!
Fry: But the Dark One could look like anything or anyone, right?
Hutch: Or anywhere.
Fry: So, what's your plan to recognize it?
Nine: We don't have one.
Fry: Got it.
Hutch Oh, man! Anyone got some tape or some gum?
Nine: As my colleague indicated, the plan cannot come from us, Fry. We were counting on you and your unreadable brain to come up with something.
Fry: That was a mistake.
Nine: I see that now.
Hutch: Freaky thing is, the Dark Ones' thoughts are unreadable, just like yours.
Nine: Yes, if we dared unwrap our heads, we could easily locate the one other being whose mind we can't read. The Dark One!
Hutch: But then the Dark One would read our minds and crush them like blood pumpkins.
Fry: Wait. I can read minds and my mind can't be read. I have a plan.
Nine: Great. Whatever it is, don't tell us.
Hutch: Wait. Fry can read minds and his mind can't be read. So he can safely scan for the Dark One...
Nine: Shut up! Shut up!
Hutch: ...whose mind can't be read...
Mysterious, Sinister Voice: Leela, time is running out. We must get to the violet star.
Leela: Okay, okay. Shut up, already.
Dixie: Nobody's talking, Leela.
Trixie: We're just painting each other's toenails with rat blood.
Warden: Lights out, ladies! Those compact fluorescent bulbs waste pennies a day.
Leela: Okay, feministas, all clear.
Amy Whoa!
Linda: We now go live to Leela with the escape plan. Leela?
Leela: Thanks, Linda. Now we're in here because we tried to save endangered wildlife. So this time, endangered wildlife will save us.
Amy: The Martian muck leech.
Leela Little cutie almost sucked me dry.
LaBarbara: Look at him go. Like a green snake through a sugarcane cake.
Hermes (on her cell phone): Keep trying.
Morbo: Our top story. The universe's most wanted eco-feminists are now behind bars, including gang leader, Turanga Leela. AKA, the Notorious B-I-Itch.
Zoidberg: We finished un-pinking the ship, Hubert. Now what?
Farnsworth: Now we get back to work. And if that means destroying an ecosystem or two, so be it.
Zoidberg: I just meant without our good friends Fry, Leela, Amy and the robut.
Farnsworth: Oh, boo-hoo. This is a business, not a social club. Money talks.
Lincoln (on a $5 bill): True wealth is measured in friendships.
Farnsworth: Shut up, you.
Scruffy: Life goes on. But I believe we'll forever carry the pain on the inside.
Amy: Oh, no, a rooster! That indicates it's the following morning.
LaBarbara: How's that creepy crawler doing?
Leela: I'm sorry, femi-sisters, but it pooped out around 3:00 a.m. Poor thing couldn't take another bite.
Amy: Well, I guess we failed. But what matters is, we tried our best and we looked good doing it.
Amy: Bender, is that you?
Bender: Who does it look like? My identical cousin Buster?
Amy: Yes.
Leela: You're here to break us out? But you're the one who put us in.
Bender: But I'm Bender, king of the combination shot. I put you in so that by busting you out, I could commit 15 felonies at once. Puttin' my rap sheet miles ahead of yours on the all-time chart.
Leela: You are one devious bastard.
Bender
Leela: What about the sentries?
Bender: Already taken care of. I sent them a cake laced with nutmeg. That's a human sleeping drug, right?
Amy: No, it's a human baking drug.
Leela: Okay, Plan B. Everyone knows men have one fatal weakness - they can't resist hookers. Dixie, Trixie, you know what to do.
Bender
Mr. Wong: Ladies and gentleman and whatever, welcome to my most environmentally disastrous implosion ever: a whole star system!
Zapp: Kif, old boy, mind if I sit on your shoulders for a better view?
Kif: Well, actually, sir, I was hoping...
Zap: Thanks.
Mr. Wong: My associate Philip Fry here will have honor to blow this ugly, dirty star into nice, clean black hole.
Mr. Wong: Fry, careful those wires. What you doing down there?
Fry Just polishing your shoes, Mr. W.
Mr. Wong: Mmm, that nice. Get between the toes there, very dirty.
Bender: Well, so much for Plan B.
Leela: What's Plan C?
Bender: All situations have the same Plan C. Bending, come on.
Leela, Bender. It's a brick wall.
Bender: Granted, it's not on the list of approved bendables, but I'm so great!
Amy: Dogs! The boning continues!
Bender Green Bluebird, this is Mr. Fabulous. We are go for cheesing it.
Leela Uh...
Scruffy: Scruffy. The janitor.
Leela: You helped us escape? Even after we locked you in a go-go cage like common go-go dancers?
Farnsworth: I couldn't live with myself, Leela. I call myself a scientist, wear the white coat and probe a monkey every now and again, yet I put monetary gain ahead of preserving nature. Can you ever forgive me?
Scruffy: I reckon.
Leela: I could kiss you, Professor.
Farnsworth
Zapp Brannigan, as it were, it seems only fitting that I, Commodore 64 Zapp Brannigan, say a few brief pages in honor of...
Nine (Telepathically): Whatever your plan is, Fry, I suggest you get on with it. Get... Shoot, I got hot sauce on my Number 9 shirt.
Fry (Telepathically): Okay, locate the Dark One by finding someone whose thoughts I can't read.
Zapp Brannigan: And unaccustomed...
Zapp Brannigan (Telepathically): By God! I'm the greatest speaker of all time. They're suckling at the teats of my every syllable.
Zapp Brannigan: Allow me now...
Kif (Telepathically): His voice is like ear sandpaper.I miss Amy.
Nixon's Head (Telepathically): The one secret no one ever suspected is that I really did stage the moon landing. On Venus. (LAUGHING)
Mom
Calculon: I'd like to thank the academy, my agent, and most of all, my operating system, Windows Vista, for everything it... System error.
Snoop Dogg (Telepathically): Naked ladies. Naked ladies. Naked ladies. Naked ladies.
Mr. Wong (Telepathically): I never should have taken that accent elimination class from Jackie Chan.
Zapp Brannigan. And I quote, "All good things must come to an end, preferably in a humongous explosion."
Mr. Wong: Let's pop this beach ball.
ALL: Ten! Nine! Eight!
Fry (Telepathically): There's no one here whose thoughts can't be read. No one, except me! My thoughts can't be read. But, but that's crazy. If I were the Dark One, I'd know it, wouldn't I? But, here I am, right where the Dark One would be, about to blow up the star. Oh, God! Somewhere deep inside of me, it's me! I'm the Dark One!
ALL: Two... one!
Leela: Put your hands in the air!
Snoop Dogg: Should we wave them like we just don't care?
Leela: That's optional.
Mr. Wong: You girl punks gone too far this time. Your parents should be ashamed.
Amy: Yes, you should!
Mrs. Wong: Amy?
Kif: Amy!
Mysterious, Sinister Voice (Telepathically to Mr. Wong): Destroy the star, Leo, hurry.
Mr. Wong I've gotta admit, Amy, you got a pretty good swing.
Amy: Really? Thanks, Dad.
Leela
Fry: Leela, wait. You're making a mistake. You have no idea what's really going on.
Leela: What is really going on?
Fry: I can't tell you.
Leela: Then why should I trust you? Why?
Fry: Because... Because...
Leela: You're you. That's all I need to know.
Bender: No! Don't do it!
Scruffy: Fiddlesticks.
Amy: Leela, are you crazy? We became fugitives and jail-breakers to stop him.
Bender: And hookers, don't forget hookers.
Leela: Shame on all of you. After everything we've been through together, do you really think Fry would-
Fry: Goodbye, Leela. I destroy myself to save you.
Nixon's Head: Where's the boom? I was expecting a boom.
Fry
Mysterious, Sinister Voice You're not the Dark One, I am!
Fry: Leela?!
Mysterious Voice What did you do to me?
Leela: Ew!
Dark One: I am the Dark One. The very last Dark One. How is it possible I couldn't read your mind? Oh, I am momentarily disabled.
Randy What's happening out there?
Sal: Somethings wondersful.
Leela: The star and the asteroid. They were an egg and a sperm.
Preacherbot: Great modem of mercy. Cover the children's eyes.
Morbo: There are no children here.
Preacherbot: Then move your fat head. I can't see.
Nine: The Encyclopod is reborn. A new green age has begun!
Mad Fellow: So the legend foretold.
Farnsworth: Look! Inside its pouch. Extinct Tasmanian tigers!
Amy: And dodo birds!
Leela: And white rhinos!
Hermes: And striped biologist-taunters!
Striped biologist-taunter: What are you gonna do, shoot us?
Encyclopod These once extinct plants and animals are my gift to the universe. Through untold generations, my race has treasured their DNA. Treat them wisely with the knowledge that all species are precious.
Leela: This is unbelievable. What's going on?
Hutch: To answer that, I must tell you a story. A story of two alien species so ancient that-
Fry: Hutch, are you okay?
Hutch
Fry  Hey, how come I can't read your thoughts anymore?
Encyclopod.
Nine: After all these eons, the Dark Ones are no more. Will you preserve their DNA, O Great Encyclopod?
Encyclopod: I suppose I should. Wait, where did it go?
Zoidberg: What?
Encyclopod: Well, at any rate, I shall preserve the DNA of Homo sapiens.
Fry: Huh. I thought you only saved the DNA of endangered species.
Encyclopod
Fry: I guess he didn't hear me.
Bender: Well, looks like that wraps everything up in a nice big, old, fat sack of...
Zapp Brannigan Kif?
Kif Wait for me.
Fry: Well, this is the end. There was so many things I wanted to say to you.
Leela: Like what?
Fry: Like this is not the end. But mostly just, I love you, Leela.
Leela
Hermes: Sweet topology of cosmology, it's huge!
Farnsworth: If we fly into it, it could take us trillions of light years away. There's no knowing if we'll ever return.
Fry: What do we do? Should we go for it?
Bender
ALL: Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
